Emma Armstrong's daughter Libby Crossfield will only eat Aldi's Weetabix and its organic Mamia baby food, and either spaghetti bolognese or spaghetti with tomato and mozzarella sauce A mum has been forced to beg with Aldi for help in a desperate battle to get her hands on the only food her autistic daughter will eat. Emma Armstrong's daughter Libby Crossfield will only eat Aldi's own brand of Weetabix and its organic Mamia baby food, and either spaghetti bolognese or spaghetti with tomato and mozzarella sauce, Manchester Evening News reports. Mum-of-three Emma has always kept well stocked up on the products as she knows that Libby, who has profound social and communication difficulties and suffers from sensory issues, will refuse to eat anything else. But with supermarkets struggling with certain supplies, she's down to her last few tubs and only has enough to last until lunchtime on Saturday, which is Libby's fourth birthday. The panicked mother, from Failsworth, Oldham, has been driving around Aldi stores across Greater Manchester to check for stock and leave her number with managers and she's been in touch with the manufacturer to establish when the retailer was due its next delivery. "It might seem like a small issue to some people but we're just hitting a brick wall," she told Manchester Evening News. "Aldi are not helping at all other than a standard response. I know they have the stock, the manufacturer told me it arrived from France at the weekend. I just need them to get some to me." Family and friends have been on the hunt too, including Emma's sister Adele, whose tweet has been shared more than 200 times - with strangers as far as Aberdeen and Northern Ireland checking their own stores for stock. And it's a lot more serious than Libby just not having the food she likes on her birthday. Emma says eating wheat cereal alone will leave the youngster poorly and malnourished and if she has a period without the baby food, she may struggle to reintroduce it to Libby's diet. Emma, who works in a restaurant and also has five-year-old twin boys Frankie and Finley, said: "She used to eat more of a variety of baby food but this has decreased to these particular foods. "My concern is that if this food is taken away from her diet for a time I won’t be able to reintroduce it, this will lead to malnutrition and eventually we could end up with tube feeding or peg feeding." She added that it's become like a full-time job trying to track down the food and everything else, including trying to sort a specialist school place for Libby has had to be "put on the back burner." An Aldi spokesperson said: “We are sorry to hear that Emma hasn’t been able to find our Mamia dishes in store. "We are working hard with our supplier to deliver Libby’s favourite Mamia dishes to her directly in time for her big birthday.” Get our money-saving tips and top offers direct to your inbox with the Mirror Money newsletter 