Craig Murray was found dead at Etherow Country Park in Stockport two years ago but his wife Jade believes he should have received better support from mental health services A heartbroken wife has shared her grief after her husband killed himself in the same park where he had proposed to her. Craig Murray had asked his wife Jade to marry him at Etherow Country Park in Stockport, where he was found dead in 2020. The 41-year-old, who had a long history of mental health problems, had only been married for 18 months when he died. Craig had been working as a car salesman at a local dealership prior to his death on May 23, 2020. Two years on Jade, 39, says she is still struggling to come to terms with what happened. She hopes that by sharing her story, mental health services can provide better for those that are struggling. Jade said in quotes reported by the Manchester Evening News : "It’s more than two years since I lost Craig and it’s still incredibly difficult to come to terms with the fact he’s no longer here. "We had only been married 18 months when he died. “Craig’s mental illness was putting a strain on our relationship, but I believe that with the correct treatment Craig would have recovered and we would have spent the rest of our lives together. It devastates me that this won’t happen." Craig had suffered from mental illness since 2013 and in 2019 his health deteriorated again when he developed psychosis and paranoia, as well as delusions and low mood. He was placed under the care of Pennine Care NHS Foundation Trust's Access Team and Community Health Team (CMHT), before being referred to the Home Treatment Team in January 2020. He remained under the care of the CMHT and HMT until his death four months later. During this time, he took a number of overdoses. Jade, a bank business manager, said: "When his mental health began to deteriorate, he began thinking he was in danger and that people were following him. “He moved in with his mum just before lockdown as he kept saying he thought I was also in danger and that our home security was being hacked. “It was awful and I kept pleading with him not to do anything stupid. "To this day, I still have so many questions over Craig’s death and whether more could have been done to help him. "I hope that by sharing my story it will highlight the devastating effects that the lack of appropriate support for loved ones with mental health problems can have.” After an inquest in December 2020 highlighted "issues" in the care provided to Craig, his widow instructed medical negligence experts at Irwin Mitchell to investigate her husband’s care under the Pennine Care NHS Foundation Trust. She is joining with her legal team marked World Suicide Prevention Day this month by speaking out on her loss and to help raise awareness around mental illness. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode. Margaret Ryan, the specialist medical negligence lawyer at Irwin Mitchell representing Jade, said: "Craig’s family remain devastated by what’s happened and his son, who was 15 years old at the time, is now without a father. "Sadly, the inquest into Craig’s death highlighted issues in the care provided to him in the lead up to his death. We’re now investigating this and will continue to support Jade however we can." Clare Parker, director of nursing, healthcare professionals and quality governance at Pennine Care NHS Foundation Trust, said: "Our deepest sympathies are with Craig Murray’s family. "Our own investigation supported the findings of the coroner. “The Covid pandemic meant that we had to rapidly change the way our teams worked and we accepted that a lack of face-to-face contact was a missed opportunity to reassess Mr Murray. We are very sorry this did not happen." World Suicide Prevention Day was on 10 September. For more information visit here. The Samaritans is available 24/7 if you need to talk. You can contact them for free by calling 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or head to the website to find your nearest branch. You matter. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 