Suicide is devastating for all involved and sadly is seeing a sharp rise over the years particularly among the young, and spotting the potential early signs could be vital On September 10 ever year, organisations from across the world get together to raise the important awareness regarding suicide prevention, on a day known as World Suicide Prevention Day. Suicides remains a controversial subject, yet the message remains integral. According to the Office for National Statistics, there were 5,224 suicides registered in England and Wales in 2021, equivalent to an age-standardised mortality rate of 10.0 deaths per 100,000 people. Males are almost three times as likely to die by suicide compared to females, but incidences among woman have steadily increased since 2017. If you're worried about someone being suicidal, it's important to know what to do, and the warning signs to look out for. Here are some of the key warning signs, and what you should do if you spot any of them. According to the Samaritans, asking someone if they are suicidal, it won't make things worse. In fact, evidence shows it could "protect them".
However, if someone is feeling this way, it can be hard to get through to them. Some of the more symptoms possibly indicating suicidal tendencies include: Other lesser-known indications could include: “If you're worried about someone, try to get them to talk to you,” says the NHS. The health body added: “Ask open-ended questions like: ‘How do you feel about...?’ “Do not worry about having the answers just listening to what someone has to say and taking it seriously can be more helpful.” There are a number of organisations in the UK who specialise in those worried about ending their life. These include: National Suicide Prevention Helpline UK
0800 689 5652
https://www.spuk.org.uk/ Movember
https://uk.movember.com/about/mental-health
Working to reduce the rate of male suicide by 25% Befrienders Worldwide
https://www.befrienders.org/ Breaking The Silence SF
https://www.suicideforum.com/
https://www.suicideforum.com/community/ HopeLine UK
0800 068 4141
www.papyrus-uk.org Lifeline (N.Ireland)
0808 808 8000
www.lifelinehelpline.info Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 