Jade Wilcott's family, from Plymouth, are campaigning for more awareness around mental health and say the mum was failed after losing her best friend and asking for help A heartbroken mum decided to end her own life after the sudden death of her best friend. Jade Wilcott's family told how defeated she must have felt to leave behind her daughter and "most previous possession in life". She died overnight after a heart-to-heart with her granddad during which she had appeared to calm down, reports Plymouth Live. The 24-year-old struggled with her mental health which took a turn for the worst during lockdown after her friend and grandparents had to shield, and she felt extremely isolated. Despite her pleas for help, the young mum was failed, according to relatives who believe her death sends a clear message about the urgent need for mental health treatment. Jade was described as an intelligent, lovable and hardworking woman by family during her inquest at Plymouth Coroner's Court on Monday. Relatives said in a statement: "Jade Elizabeth Wilcott was a beautiful, caring and thoughtful woman and mother. She was deeply loved by everyone who knew her. "She struggled tremendously with her mental health from a young age and despite many times asking for help, she was failed. "To take her own life, all must understand how defeated she must have felt leaving behind her most precious possession in life, her daughter Neveah. She will forever be missed." Jade's father told how his daughter had begged for help, which she should have received that same day. "She messaged me that night and was saying that she needed help," he recalled. "We ended up paying for private counselling because of the wait. The Mirror's newsletter brings you the latest news, exciting showbiz and TV stories, sport updates and essential political information. The newsletter is emailed out first thing every morning, at 12noon and every evening. Never miss a moment by signing up to our newsletter here. "The other thing that was affecting her was the Covid lockdown. Her grandparents had to shield and her friend. "She felt very, very, very isolated. And then the sudden death of her friend, all these things drove her to it." Jade, of Southway in Plymouth, took her own life in June last year and her family are now raising awareness following their devastating loss. "Our message is that mental health treatment needs to be there for people," her dad added. Senior coroner Ian Arrow noted evidence gathered from a number of witnesses, including Jade's GP. In his report, he highlighted how Jade had a "history of depression" and that her last attendance at the surgery in January 2021 saw her state she was "feeling anxious all the time". With so much changing so quickly, keep on top of what is happening with the Mirror's news updates by email. Delivered straight to your inbox, our daily coronavirus briefing will keep you informed of what is happening with Covid, lockdown, the vaccination rollout and the impact on how we live. Sign up here. She was prescribed medication to tackle her depression and help her sleep. A report from Livewell Southwest noted it received a referral to their Liaison Psychiatry team on May 14, weeks before Jade's death. One mental health nurse noted that Jade had admitted to taking a quantity of pills after recently suffering a bereavement. But a risk assessment considered her to be a "low risk of self harm" and that she did not wish to end her life. The mum had told medical staff that she had "acted on impulse". Her grandfather Robert Wilcott said in a statement how Jade and her sister regularly visited and stayed at his home. What did your local area use to look like? Find out with InYourArea's tool which takes you on a trip down Memory Lane. May 30 was one such occasion, when she stayed over after a night out with friends for a birthday party. Upon returning, she joined her granddad in the summer house and Robert recalled her clearly feeling "down and despondent" at one point saying "she had had enough." The pair continued to talk about how she was feeling and Jade eventually appeared to "calm down". The inquest heard how Jade told Robert she was going for a cigarette before he fell asleep. Robert's wife found her unresponsive the following morning and Robert made attempts to revive her. Paramedics and police were also called but Jade sadly died during the night. From universal credit to furlough, employment rights, travel updates and emergency financial aid - we've got all of the big financial stories you need to know about right now.  Sign up to our Mirror Money newsletter here. Toxicologists confirmed Jade had taken a combination of alcohol and a 'non-toxic' level of cocaine while a post mortem gave the cause of death as ligature compression of the neck. Robert told in his statement how her death was "a terrible loss to her family" and described her as "a fantastic girl and an amazing mother to her daughter". Civilian investigator Phil Trevains told the inquest it was clear Jade had been upset following the death of her mother a few years previously, compounded with the death of a close friend just a few weeks before her suicide. He said medical reports showed she had struggled with her mental health and noted that counselling suggestions offered to Jade had come "a little too late". The expert further highlighted the difficulties of accessing counselling during the coronavirus lockdown. Mr Arrow concluded that Jade had sadly taken her own life and expressed his profound condolences to her family of which many attended the inquest. He said: "She was clearly a young lady who had a lot to offer friends, family and society." Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 