Friends of Mehlika Derici watched in horror as her boyfriend clasped his arms round her waist and flung himself from the cliff in Turkey, dragging her with him to their deaths The chilling final words of a jealous boyfriend who threw himself off a cliff, dragging his "beautiful" girlfriend with him have been revealed by horrified witnesses. Police are investigating the suspected murder-suicide after the couple fell 82ft to their deaths, in Marmara Ereglisi, Tekirdag Province, Turkey, on August 6. Landowner, Selcuk Cetiner, 41, and beautician Mehlika Derici, 35, had been enjoying a meal with another couple to celebrate their friend's birthday, just hours before the tragic incident. After the meal the pair had gone with the other couple to a nearby lookout point known as Asiklar Tepesi, or Lovers' Hill. But a row broke out between them and Cetiner pushed Mehlika to the ground before friend, Merve Y., 32, and her boyfriend, Arda Tolunay Y., 26, picked her back up. Merve and her boyfriend Arda claim they heard Cetiner then shout "if we die, we die together" as clasped his arms round Mehlika's waist and dragged her over the edge, before she had time to react. Paramedics were called to the scene but were only able to declare them dead. The group had been drinking in the restaurant and had carried on at the viewpoint. The couple's bodies were taken to the morgue at Marmara Ereglisi Public Hospital, while police seized their mobile phones for analysis. Some local reports said Mehlika was mother to two children. Femicide is a growing problem in Turkey, particularly after the country officially quit the Istanbul Convention in July last year. According to the 2021 Annual Data Report by the 'We Will Stop Femicide Platform', 280 women were killed by men in 2021, while 217 women were found suspiciously dead. According to data from the 'Monument Counter' - "a digital memorial for women killed by violence" that is updated daily - 246 femicides have taken place in Turkey so far this year. Serve the food you really want to eat by signing up for our tips and recipes and never be bored by your cooking again 