Nathan Hunt's dad Derek says new evidence found his son - who served with Prince Harry - was deeply traumatised by a Taliban attack that killed and seriously wounded 10 Afghan soldiers The family of a war hero who served alongside Prince Harry claim new evidence shows that their son’s suicide was linked to combat service. Warrant Officer Nathan Hunt’s parents are campaigning to have his name added to the memorial at the National Arboretum in Staffordshire. So far defence chiefs have refused to budge on their ruling that his death was not linked to his service in Afghanistan 10 years before. Now the family have discovered he was deeply traumatised by a Taliban rocket attack which killed and seriously wounded up to 10 Afghan soldiers. The carnage happened in December 2007 during the ferocious battle for the town of Musa Qala in Helmand. The report states that Nathan and another soldier tried and failed to save the lives of Afghan soldiers. Nathan’s dad Derek, himself an Army veteran, said: “I received this report last week and it shows beyond doubt that Nathan was seriously traumatised by the war. “He had nightmares and was really struggling. He had to deal with Afghan soldiers who had been blown to pieces or who had lost limbs. Anyone who witnessed that sort of thing would be seriously affected by it. “This seems to have been ignored by people who decided that Nathan should not have his name on the war memorial. Or, worse still, they had no idea this happened to Nathan.” Nathan was found hanged at his home in Lincoln aged 39 on January 2, 2018, after developing PTSD. He left behind a young daughter. An inquest seven months later heard he had suffered nightmares as a result of dealing with Taliban bombs. A recently acquired transcript reveals that his ex-wife Lainey was convinced he had PTSD after returning from Afghanistan in 2008. But he refused to get help because he was fearful of the impact it might have on his promotion chances. Derek added: “I will be taking this up with the new Veterans’ Minister Johnny Mercer when I meet with him next month. “There is now so much evidence showing that Nathan was obviously in a bad way after he returned from Afghanistan. I just can’t understand why this has all been ignored.” Nathan served with Harry in Helmand in 2008 while attached to the Household Cavalry. Get all the latest news sent to your inbox. Sign up for the free Mirror newsletter The Royal Engineers warrant officer received a Mention in Despatches for finding dozens of Taliban bombs, which helped save the lives of comrades, including Harry. Derek, 71, and wife Maria, 69, also from Lincoln, are being backed by former Army chief Lord Dannatt. Prince Harry wrote to the couple telling of his dismay at not being able to help after being stripped of his military titles. Get our daily royal round-up direct to your inbox 