Tonight veterans’ campaigners said urgent questions must be asked about what support heartbroken Bombardier Ross Burnside had received. It is suspected Gunner Sophie Madden, 23, committed suicide A soldier has died suddenly just weeks after his Army girlfriend was found hanged. Tonight veterans’ campaigners said urgent questions must be asked about what support heartbroken Bombardier Ross Burnside had received. It is suspected Gunner Sophie Madden, 23, committed suicide. A military source said: “Ross was clearly in a very vulnerable position.” Campaign group Veterans Against Suicide called the deaths “preventable tragedies. Meanwhile a relative of Sophie posted tributes to the lost couple, writing: “Rest easy Ross you will forever be missed by everyone. “I know you and Soph will be looking after each other.” Sophie, from Wigan, Gtr Manhester, was on a training course at St Martin’s Plain Camp, in Folkestone, Kent, when she died on June 10. Ross, in his 20s and from Sheffield, South Yorks, was found dead at his home in Rotherham on July 19. The couple met when they served together in 3rd Regiment Royal Horse Artillery. Ross, who was with the 1st Regiment Royal Horse Artillery, also served with the elite 7 Para Royal Horse Artillery, the only airborne artillery unit. The 1st regiment said he “will leave a legacy among those he inspired”. Sophie’s relative Natasha Madden, of Skelmersdale, Lancs, added in her online tribute to Ross: “Was such a pleasure having you a part of our family you can now rest at peace.” Another relative Chantelle Madden, from Liverpool, added: “Rest easy I miss you. Hope you [and] Sophie looking after yourself up there.” An inquest into Sophie’s death has been opened and adjourned. Police said her death is not being treated as suspicious. Inquiries continue into Ross’s death. An Army spokesman said: “It is with sadness that we can confirm the death of Bombardier Ross Burnside. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode. “Our thoughts are with Bdr Burnside’s family and friends at this sad time.” Armed forces suicides hit their highest level for 15 years in 2020. Up to 21 troops took their own lives, along with 82 veterans. The Samaritans is available 24/7 if you need to talk. You can contact them for free by calling 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or head to the website to find your nearest branch. You matter. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 