A dad in Orlando, in the US, is believed to have killed his wife and three daughters in a suspected murder-suicide. Donovan Michael Ramirez and his family were found dead at their home A dad is accused of brutally executing his family before turning the gun on himself in a murder-suicide. Donovan Michael Ramirez, 45, allegedly murdered his three daughters and wife in a disturbing murder-suicide in Orlando, Florida, in the US. Victims of the attack were daughters Alyssa Berumen, 22, Sunny Ramirez, 11, and Shelby Rose Ramirez, 7, and they were killed alongside their mum, 39-year-old Renee Ramirez. The family was found dead on Tuesday after they were called to conduct a welfare check on Tuesday, August 4. Police have not yet confirmed the cause of death of the victims and one of the officers is said to have stepped outside the house after he became sick when he saw the grisly scene on Lake District Lane in Lake Nona. They have, however, admitted the incident was likely a domestic abuse case. Local law enforcement said: "At this time, it appears this is a domestic violence-related incident. Investigators worked overnight to gather as much information as possible. "As this is still an active and ongoing investigation, no further updates will be provided at this time." It was confirmed a gun was recovered from the scene, but police are still waiting on reports from medical examiners to release more information. The family were killed at the home they had moved into in 2020 and locals have expressed their complete shock over what took place. Nearby residents said they suspected "nothing out of the ordinary or anything strange" was going on before the killings occurred. Sunny's friends Katelyn Rampersad and Amarie Padovani attended Northlake Park Community School. Both 11, they said she made them feel at home in Florida. Neighbour Heather Collins told WESH: "I think it's like a worst nightmare truly. I don't even know what happened exactly. "My heart goes out to the family. I can't even begin to wrap my mind around any of this, especially if there were family involved. Justin Rossilini said: "They seemed like they were a normal family. I seen the dad, seen the mom, and two little girls." "I didn't hear anything, I wish I did. I definitely would have liked to have been that concerned neighbour that did something in this situation." According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), 45,222 people died from gun-related injuries in the US in 20202 alone. Around 46 per cent of the deaths were not suicide-related. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 