Kiena Dawes, 23, asked the police for help just weeks before she left her nine-month-old daughter with a close friend and took her own life, with Lancashire Constabulary referring itself to a police watchdog An alleged domestic abuse victim and mum of-one who tragically killed herself on train tracks was "let down" by the police, her family have claimed today. Kiena Dawes, 23, had left her nine-month-old daughter, Marnie, with a close friend just hours before she was hit by a train and pronounced dead at the scene last Friday. The tragedy happened 11 days after she was allegedly assaulted by a man who her family said she should have been protected from by the police. In a touching tribute, her brother, Kynan, 29, called Kiena an "amazing young girl" and said that the "bubbly" mum had just wanted a "happy life". But he also revealed shocking new photos showing her looking bloodied and bruised following an alleged assault after police had fitted panic alarms in her home. Speaking today, Kynan blasted Lancashire Constabulary after it emerged the force had referred itself to a police watchdog due to their contact with Kiena before her death. The builder from Blackpool, Lancs., said: "The police have let my sister down. They did not do enough. The head of CID is going to go through everything with a toothpick. "They're going to find out why nothing happened, and why it got to the point where she felt she wasn't being looked after by the service, which she should be, and decided to take her life. "She had panic alarms fitted in her house and a panic alarm fitted around her neck. "My sister left a note before she killed herself, on her phone. The facts why she killed herself are stated in that note. In time, that may get shared but not now." He added: "The girl was very, very well loved. She never said a bad word about anybody. She just wanted to live a happy little life." Kiena's body was recovered from train tracks near the town of Garstang, Lancs., as friends and family conducted a frantic search for her in nearby streets and alleyways. But before they could locate the missing 23-year-old, they got the terrible news that her body had been found on a rail line just after 1pm, on Friday. Kynan claimed the young woman had sought the help of police roughly five weeks earlier, following allegations that she'd been assaulted on multiple occasions. He said Lancashire Police had fitted her home with a panic alarm and given her a special neckless that had a button she could press if she felt like she was in danger. But Kynan said this hadn't stop her attacker coming to her home on July 11, before he allegedly split her head open, leaving her completely traumatised. And he said the local police should have done more to help her as she attempted to bring her alleged attacker to court. He said: "The police have let my sister down, they have. She wanted to go through the legal route to get justice. "The girl is dead now, but it should have gone to CPS ages ago. She didn't want to live a life the way she was living, so she ended it." Kynan said his sister had spent her early life growing up in Cyprus before moving to the UK, and later settling in Fleetwood, Lancs. He said she had then trained as a hairdresser and began working at a local shop and had "absolutely loved" her job. He said: "Kiena was the most amazing little girl from when she was first born. She was very bubbly, very nice. We moved to Cyprus. She used to speak fluent Greek. "She had loads of friends in Cyprus. And then we moved back to the UK as my dad had an accident, which did knock her. "She was a hairdresser. She used to work at Rory Blair in Fleetwood. She absolutely loved her job, she was really good at it. "She loved having a tan. She would go on the sun beds all the time. All the sun bed shops have been in touch saying, 'We'll miss her, she used to come in.' She was just amazing." A spokesperson for British Transport Police confirmed that Kiena had passed away on a train line and added that they were not treating the death as suspicious. Get all the latest news sent to your inbox. Sign up for the free Mirror newsletter They said: "British Transport Police were called to the line in Preston at 1.05 pm on Friday 22 July following reports of a casualty on the tracks. "Paramedics also attended, however sadly a woman was pronounced dead at the scene. This incident is not being treated as suspicious and a file will be prepared for the coroner.'" A spokesperson for Lancashire Constabulary confirmed that the force had referred itself to the IOPC (Independent Office for Police Conduct) due to their contact with Kiena. They said: "First and foremost our thoughts are with Kiena's loved ones at this difficult time. "We have referred ourselves to the IOPC (Independent Office for Police Conduct) in relation to contact we had with Kiena before her death. "Therefore, it would be inappropriate to comment any further at this time." *A 28-year-old man from Fleetwood has been arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm and released on bail pending inquiries. The Samaritans is available 24/7 if you need to talk. You can contact them for free by calling 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or head to the website to find your nearest branch. You matter. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 