A heartbroken family have paid tribute to a 'strong' mother who was tragically found dead by her partner as he returned home from taking their daughter out for food A devastated family have paid tribute to a 'strong' mum who left them shocked after she sadly took her own life. Coroners heard this week how Indre Razutyte, 31, was discovered at her Pontefract home by partner Nathan Price along with police after he returned with their young daughter from a meal. The mother and transport manager was declared dead at the scene by paramedics shortly after, reports YorkshireLive. Her death on March 22 was ruled as a suicide at Wakefield Coroner's Court on Tuesday (July 26). A statement from Nathan to the coroner confirmed that he and Lithuania-born Indre had split up in the days before the tragic incident, and had since begun discussing how to co-parent their daughter. He recalled having been to Indra's house earlier on the day to take the child out for food, but had received no reply when he texted her on the way back. Discovering the house empty with the lights off upon reaching the house, he took his daughter inside through an unlocked conservatory at the back before noticing written notes on the kitchen worktop. "I saw notes on the kitchen counter when I walked in. I was concerned on reading them - I was worried and called the police," he said. Police officers arrived at 7.02pm and the three searched for Indre. PC Barraclough was the first to spot her through the glass doors that led to the garage and an ambulance was called. Nathan and PC Barraclough managed to break the window that led to the garage, where they found Indre. CPR was attempted but paramedics tragically pronounced her dead at 7.33pm. Indre's mother said a written statement read by Assistant Coroner John Hobson that Indra's death had come as a complete shock, with her "strong" daughter having made plans to return planning to visit her back home in Lithuania only days before. Recalling their text conversations in the days before her passing, she said: "The conversations were quite normal with nothing that caused any worries." "It's very difficult for me to believe and understand. Indre was a very strong person and never displayed any signs that would have caused her to take her own life. I last visited her and Nathan in October 2021 - they both did appear different and like they may go their separate ways. I believed they were trying to reconcile." Mr Hobson concluded he was satisfied that Indre's cause of death was suicide. Addressing her mother, he said: "I offer my condolences to you and thank you for your endeavours in coming to the country to be here for your daughter today. My condolences to Indre's daughter as well and also to Mr Price." The Samaritans is available 24/7 if you need to talk. You can contact them for free by calling 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or head to the website to find your nearest branch. You matter. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 