Kiena Dawes, from Fleetwood, Lancashire, was pronounced dead at the scene after being struck by a train in Garstang, with her devastated brother saying she "was in such a bad place" A young mum with a nine-month-old baby died after being hit by a train. Named by grieving friends and family as Kiena Dawes, from Fleetwood, Lancashire, she was killed on the Preston to Lancaster line on Friday afternoon. The 23-year-old hairdresser was pronounced dead at the scene in Garstang by paramedics, reports LancsLive. Her brother Kynan Dawes said she "was in such a bad place in her head" and "took the decision to end what was an awful battle in her life". Kiena leaves her daughter Marnie Blu Dawes and Kynan has pledged to give up his job as a builder to take care of her. A GoFundMe page has been set up by Matthew Sanderson to support Kynan and Marnie and pay towards Kiena's funeral costs. It has already raised more than £8,500 against its £2,500 goal. Writing on the GoFundMe page, Matthew said: "This is Marnie and her mummy, Marnie is only 9 months old and recently lost her mummy to a tragic suicide. Marnie is now being cared for by her uncle Kynan. Kynan has promised to be there for Marnie through thick and thin as he struggles to deal with the loss of his sister in such tragic circumstances. "Kynan has also had to give up his employment as a builder to take care of Marnie which has already had a significant impact on Kynan’s finances. "We are asking people not to let Kynan struggle alone. Please support Kynan so he can get a deposit to rent a house, buy some essentials for Marnie and pay towards his sisters funeral. Any excess funds will be placed in trust for Marnie once she turns 18. "Thanks again and thanks for your support. It’s ok not to be ok! Please talk to someone and don’t suffer in silence." Kiena, who was living in Fleetwood but originally from St Annes, went missing on Friday (July 22) and Kynan launched an 'urgent' appeal on social media to help find her. Within hours they received the devastating news that Kiena had died after being hit by a train. Friends said Kiena's mental health had been "severely impacted". Four days before her death she posted a picture on Facebook with her dad saying: "2 years ago today you took your last breathe.. hope you stay with me through this nightmare I’m living and I will remember to have the strength you always did. "Wish you were here, love you forever and a day dad." Writing on Facebook, Kynan said: "We love you more than words can ever say! I’m going to miss you more than you’ll ever have known. You didn’t deserve this! And you will be remembered by everyone. I’ll make sure your baby girl will be looked after and grow up to know how perfect you really was." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode. Responding to the GoFundMe appeal, Kynan said: "This is absolutely amazing my family and little Marnie appreciate this so much. My gorgeous niece who now has no mum to grow up with will 100% appreciate what your all doing. "I still can’t believe your gone Kiena. But I will make sure I look after Marnie and she will grow up to be the most perfect little girl. Just as you would have wanted. RIP BEAUTIFUL." Friends and family have paid tribute on social media and well-wishers have been leaving flowers on railings in Carlyle Avenue, Blackpool, opposite the home of Kiena's mother. Visit the GoFundMe page here. The Samaritans is available 24/7 if you need to talk. You can contact them for free by calling 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or head to the website to find your nearest branch. You matter. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 