An inquest has heard how Bailey Reay, 13, sent a heartbreaking 'final goodbye' voice-note to his crush, before being found unresponsive at his grandmother's home A 13-year-old schoolboy sent a heartbreaking final 'last goodbye' message to a girl he fancied before his tragic death, an inquest has heard. Bailey Reay, from Sunderland, was found unresponsive at his grandmother's home where he lived on 19 December 2020. Emergency services were immediately called, but he was tragically pronounced dead - leaving his family and friends devastated, report Chronicle Live. An inquest - held at City Hall on Wednesday - heard how Bailey resided with his grandmother. On December 18, he was left in the care of his grandmother's aunt and they spent some time together eating pizza. It was also heard how Bailey also spent some time in his room playing on his PlayStation. But, by midday on December 19, Bailey was found unresponsive and the emergency services were called but he tragically passed away. The teenager was found in his room with an empty bottle of medication that was originally prescribed to his grandmother. A post-mortem was carried out and toxicology was taken and it was found that Bailey had alcohol and medication, which was eight times a large therapeutic dose, in his system. The pathologist found that Bailey died as a result of the effects of the medication and alcohol which it was heard can impact the central nervous system. The inquest heard there were a number of things that caused Bailey concern including "difficult family dynamics" and school though recent records suggested he had got back into school and that it seemed to be going well. Following Bailey's death, some concerns were raised over the issue of bullying and police seized his computer and mobile phone which was protected by a pin. However, the inquest heard that nothing specific was identified. However, they did find a voicemail that Bailey had left a girl who he had a crush on which said: "I have had a crush on you for the longest time so I guess this is goodbye." Assistant coroner, Karin Welsh, said Bailey had admitted taking medication in the voicemail he left to his crush and recorded a verdict of suicide. She told his family: "Why doesn't fall within the remit of an inquest. There were a number of factors in Bailey's life that must have been causing him concern." The Samaritans is available 24/7 if you need to talk. You can contact them for free by calling 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or head to the website to find your nearest branch. You matter. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 