Daryl McWilliam, 24, was found dead in his hotel room after drunkenly texting his girlfriend of 12 months that he didn't want to 'be with her anymore' An "amazing" 24-year-old dad took his own life after splitting up with his girlfriend during a weekend away in Blackpool. An inquest heard Daryl McWilliam had travelled to the seaside resort with his girlfriend of 12 months, Natalie Jones. The couple, from Kilmarnock, Scotland, visited Wetherspoons for something to eat before returning to their room at Garvey's Promenade Hotel on Saturday February 26. The pair then decided to go back out and visit three pubs in Blackpool town centre, Lancs Live reports. Towards the end of the night, it is reported that Daryl, 24, became increasingly intoxicated and, after becoming separated from Natalie, he sent her a text saying: "I don't want to be with you anymore." Shocked at this, Natalie then made several attempts to contact Daryl who eventually returned to the hotel at around midnight. The couple had an argument, during which Daryl damaged Natalie's phone and other belongings in the room, before she started to pack her things into their car. When Natalie went back to the room, Daryl wasn't there, and so she went downstairs to the bar to look for him. A short while later Natalie went back up to the room where she found Daryl unconscious. Paramedics and police were called but despite extensive resuscitation efforts Daryl was pronounced dead at 1.37am on February 27. The cause of death was given as hanging. An inquest at Blackpool Town Hall today (Tuesday July 19) heard that Daryl, a pipe-fitter at Kilmaurs engineering firm A&L Mechanical Installations, had no history of mental health issues. He had visited the GP with his mum in 2020 for help with low mood but he was not known to the community mental health team. The content of the messages sent by Daryl indicate he was intoxicated. This tragic incident would appear to have stemmed from the breakdown of the relationship on a night which involved alcohol consumption. Assistant Coroner Louise Rae returned a conclusion of suicide. She said: "Daryl McWilliam was on holiday in Blackpool with his partner. Following an argument she returned to the room to find him hanging. He was not known to mental health services. "I agree this was a tragic incident which stemmed from the breakdown of a relationship. In terms of the evidence...I don't believe anybody could have acted sooner. "It is difficult to find any conclusion other than suicide...I am therefore satisfied that the only conclusion possible and the one that I reach is the short-form conclusion of suicide." A fundraiser launched after Daryl's death, to help his parents Heather and John pay for the funeral, raised more than £2,200. Daryl's girlfriend Natalie paid tribute to him after his death, as reported by the Daily Record, in which she described him as "the most amazing person" she had ever known. She added: "You showed me what true love actually is. I will always love you Daryl. I really wish I had gotten more time with you and got to do everything we planned on. You never failed to make me smile whenever I felt down and I can’t thank you enough for how happy you made me." Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. If you prefer to write down how you’re feeling, or if you’re worried about being overheard on the phone, you can email Samaritans at jo@samaritans.org. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 