David Marsden, 22, was said to 'light up the darkest rooms' by his sister but the young man tragically took his own life after struggling with insomnia which began when a family holiday was cut short A young man who "lit up the darkest rooms" took his own life after he fell into a "mental health spiral" during struggles with insomnia. David Marsden first began suffering with the condition when a family holiday in 2019 was cut short. But following that the 22-year-old fell into a “vicious cycle” of becoming increasingly anxious at his normal life slipping away as his insomnia took over, the Manchester Evening News reports. The lab worker at Stepping Hill hospital suffered episodes of depression and anxiety and spent time on a psychiatric ward in the hospital where he worked. However, on November 21, 2019, months after the family holiday that was cut short, he was found dead in his family home in Stockport. His death triggered PTSD and insomnia in his older sister Charlene Marsden who has since opened up about his death. David's death turned the world of his sister, 33-year-old Charlene Marsden, and she said they had been “like twins”. She continued: "We shared the same interests, the gym, Game of Thrones, all sorts of things. We would literally do everything together, and watch all the shows and movies together. He was literally my best friend. "He was loved by so many people. And it's sad because my brother was the person who all his friends, family, and colleagues, including myself, would go to for advice and help when we were feeling low. “He knew exactly what to say. His smile would light up the darkest of rooms, but unfortunately, when he found himself in a dark place there was just no way of getting him out of it. "I don't think there's a lot of awareness of sibling grief and what it does to you," Charlene added. She said: "They are the ones you think will be there when your parents pass. They are your past, your present, and your future so when you lose them at such a young age it's just so tragic and upsetting. "I think I'll be dealing with this for the rest of my life. I probably cry most days about him to be fair. “There will always be something that will remind you and you'll suddenly be in tears. But it's something I guess you learn to live with as hard as that sounds. You carry it around with you, and after a while, it gets lighter, but it's always there." Charlene struggled so much that she said she suffered from PTSD and her own bout of insomnia. She said: "Last year before the inquest it happened to me. I can't even put into words what it was like. But I understood completely what he must have been going through. "I had to have three months off work as my mum was terrified it was going to happen to me. I think it was just to do with the grief and the mental issues it had caused. I went three weeks without sleeping. It was horrendous. "Once you get up having not slept all night you become terrified of the evening that's coming next because you think 'am I going to lie there awake all night again.' Your appetite completely goes and you feel sick. You're running on empty, you're like a zombie. "I had hypnotherapy, counselling, the lot. But I'm just pushing through as for me it's like I owe it to my brother. Just to show him that I can do it. "Obviously it destroyed my brother and I'm not going to let it destroy me. I'm proving it to him, that it doesn't matter how bad things get, you can push through it." Charlene and her and David’s mum, Fiona Marsden, have set up a local support group for those bereaved by suicide. They hold monthly meetings and have now decided they are all going to climb Snowdon to raise funds for four charities close to their hearts. David’s much-loved niece 13-year-old Chantae is also taking part and his cousin Adrian, a former Royal Marine, is acting as a guide and support during the climb. Charlene said: "We just want to spread awareness and raise as much as we can for these charities and I think that funding is vital at the minute as demand has gone up massively and there just isn't enough funding there. "The climb will be a challenge but also really symbolic as I'm still climbing a mountain with my grief. But I truly believe it's helping. That's why it means so much to all of us." Charlene intends to sprinkle some of her brother's ashes at the summit. "I know the views will be beautiful and he loved nature," she said. "I am in awe of all the members. I'm in my thirties but several of them are older and have health issues. But we'll just take it at the pace of the slowest climber and if we reach the top we've done our bit for those who need our help the most. "With mental health being paramount I go through life now with the motto 'in a world where you can be anything, be kind.' One small act of kindness could save a life and that's what will be driving us on the day." To donate to their cause click here . The Samaritans is available 24/7 if you need to talk. You can contact them for free by calling 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or head to the website to find your nearest branch. You matter. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 