Edward Lake's three children, as well as their grandfather, were killed in a crash in September 2015 by a drunk driver who was then granted full parole last year A dad-of-three whose kids were killed in a horror car crash took his own life after Father's Day so they can all "play together forever". Edward Lake, from Ontario, US, was found dead on Monday, the day after Father's Day. On Sunday, Edward’s wife Jennifer Neville-Lake shared a moving photo on social media showing their children’s grave. Then, late on Monday, she also tweeted the tragic news about her husband’s death. The couple’s three children were killed in a crash in September 2015 in Vaughan, caused by drunk driver Marco Muzzo, Global News reports. Daniel Neville-Lake, nine, Harrison, five, and Milly, two, as well as the children’s grandfather, Gary Neville, 65, were killed in the collision. The children’s grandmother and great-grandmother were also badly injured. During Muzzo’s sentencing, Edward said he had suffered from suicidal thoughts and anxiety since the crash. In February 2021, Muzzo was granted full parole. Sharing the devastating news about her husband's death, Jennifer tweeted: "The eyes he shared with Harry are forever closed Daniel's curls will never shine in the sunlight again I will never see Milly's shy smile creep across his lips anymore. "My children's father, Edward Lake, has joined our kids so they can play together, forever." Just the day before, she had tweeted after visiting their children's graves, writing: “Father’s Day 2022. This shouldn’t be real. It can’t be." After Edward's death, Chief of York Regional Police Jim MacSween paid tribute after the tragedy, adding: "This evening I was very saddened to learn of the tragic death of Ed Lake. "The losses to the Neville-Lake family are heart wrenching. "YRP stands with our friend Jennifer and members of both families. "May you find strength in the support of your community." The Samaritans is available 24/7 if you need to talk. You can contact them for free by calling 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or head to the website to find your nearest branch. You matter. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 