Mum Candice Hudspith had just entered the Mcdonald's near Gateshead when four-year-old Harper started screaming and crying but thankfully a kind member of staff stepped in to help A mum has shared a heartwarming message of thanks after a touching display of kindness from a McDonald's staff member which "meant the world" to her autistic daughter. Candice Hudspith, 33, from Gateshead, visited the McDonald's on the Felling Bypass near Newcastle last weekend with her two daughters, Harper, four, and Indy, two. As they entered the restaurant Harper, who was diagnosed with autism just before her fourth birthday, suddenly became "triggered", beginning to scream and shout. Often, Candice said, she would leave a situation if Harper started to struggle. But thanks to the kindness of one of the restaurant's staff members, the busy mum was able to stay and enjoy a relaxing coffee, while Harper was able to calm down and enjoy a meal. Candice said: "I don't know what had triggered Harper, when I got out of the car I knew she was hungry, but there was just something triggering her and the difficult thing is you can't ask what it is. "Walking in she was screaming, saying 'no no no'. Everyone is looking at me like I am the mother with the screaming child. "As I was walking in Rachel, one of the workers, said 'oh wow I think I have a flag would you like one?' "And she looked at me and said 'you're doing an amazing job'." Harper ran off and hid under a seat, so the considerate worker got down on the floor with paper and crayons, inviting the little girl to colour in with her. Candice said: "You could see Harper slowly coming out of herself. She was back in her little world, being happy Harper again. "I literally burst into tears. I felt like I didn't even have to say that she has autism, it was like she read my mind. It was so lovely what she was doing. "I don't think Rachel realised how good her customer service was. It may sound like nothing to others but it meant the world to me. Absolutely outstanding service." When Candice shared her thanks to Rachel on Facebook, her post received over 3,000 likes as people praised the McDonald's worker. The mum said she was touched by the response and shared her story in an effort to thank Rachel. She added she wanted to show difference small acts of kindness can make to struggling parents. Candice said she was also keen to encourage more people to be understanding of autism, the diagnosis that has helped her ensure her daughter gets the help she needs. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode. She said: "At the moment I'm doing a course on autism just so I can be more understanding, but when she was younger - and I think quite a lot of mums could relate to this - I was, not quite in denial, but I felt as if I didn't want to label my child. "But once you get the help and you have the diagnosis you realise it's not labelling your child, it's getting them the help that they need. "All the doors open up and you are able to get the best for your child. If I had still been in denial I don't know where Harper would be now, but with me being the mum I am and having the support around me she's come on so much. "If you do see a situation like that in public, you really shouldn't judge. "I think our generation is starting to understand a lot more about autism, back in the day it would be just seen as 'naughty children' but I think there is more understanding now." Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 