Silvija Snipkute, 31, who was a mum-of-one and had five siblings., was described as the "strongest person" but tragically took her own life after she booked into a hotel room in London A “loving” young mum was found dead in her hotel room after staff noticed she hadn’t checked out. Silvija Snipkute was discovered dead by cleaning staff at the Bank Hotel in Barking, after she failed to check out that morning. An inquest heard how she tragically took her own life. After they noticed the 31-year-old’s door was locked, staff retrieved a key - but sadlt they found the young mum dead inside, around 11:30am on February 15, My London reported . Medics from the London Ambulance Service declared her dead at the scene. Met Police officers also attended the scene and were informed she had arrived the previous evening and was due to leave that morning. However, the mum had been reported missing when her partner Tomas notified police that she had failed to return home. An inquest heard how the mum had taken herself to a private space where she wouldn’t be interrupted to take her own life. An examination of CCTV showed that nobody else had entered her hotel room since she arrived at 9:49pm and her death was deemed non-suspicious. An inquest at Waltham Forest Coroners Court on June 6 heard that shortly after Silvija was discovered, officers were made aware “that the woman in the room was identical to a woman who had been reported missing”. A “very sad note” was found in her hotel room which Coroner Graeme Irvine said was a “note of intent” indicating that she had intended to take her own life. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode. A post-mortem examination found that Silvija, a warehouse operative from Dagenham, had no natural diseases, whilst a toxicology report found traces of alcohol and cocaine in her blood and urine. Mr Irvine said: “It seems clear to me that Silvija did something that caused her own death, which was tying a ligature around her neck and hanging herself. “It also appears to me that Silvija had taken herself to a place where she wouldn’t be interrupted, that would be private. “There’s no indication from her actions that she was hoping someone would interrupt her or save her. "I don’t think this was a cry for help.” He continued: “There is sufficient evidence to formulate a conclusion of suicide in this inquest.” In a heartbreaking tribute to the mum, her sister-in-law Gabriella called her the “strongest person” she had known who “was always helping others”. She said: “She was the eldest of five children. Silvija had a simple childhood although had several depression episodes as a teenager, nonetheless she continued to live and work in Lithuania. “She moved to the UK several years ago. Living in London, she met her partner Tomas and her daughter was born from this union. “Silvija always loved working and she was always helping others. She was a kind, loving mother, sister and friend. “She was the strongest person we all ever knew but she heartbreakingly lost her battle with depression. “Silvija will be forever remembered and loved by her mother, her siblings, her partner, her daughter and her friends.” A GoFundMe to raise money for her family succeeded in raising over £3,000 after she died. The Samaritans is available 24/7 if you need to talk. You can contact them for free by calling 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or head to the website to find your nearest branch. You matter. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 