French financier Charles-Henry Kurzen jumped to his death from a luxury apartment he was viewing in a high rise New York block while he was being shown around by a real estate agent A French financier jumped from a luxury New York apartment in a high rise block after asking where the balcony was while he was being shown around by an estate agent. The 43-year-old man, identified as Charles-Henry Kurzen, fell from the 32nd-floor balcony at 100 United Nations Plaza which is in the Turtle Bay neighbourhood of Manhatten. He threw himself off the building at 1.15pm local time and landed on a third-floor patio, a police spokesman said. The financial banker, who was living in Brooklyn, had been taking a look at the apartment with a real estate agent when he “then suddenly jumped”, according to a source. Mr Kurzen was pronounced dead at the scene. A coworker didn't comment except to say that Mr Kurzen was a dear friend, reported the New York Post. He was a financier who graduated from the Ecole Superieure de Commerce de Paris (ESCP) Business School and was a partner at Saltbox Partners LLC. The company’s biography of him on its website showed that he had a long career working in French and US finance. Other roles that he has had includes an analyst in the the Mergers and Acquisitions Group at Lazard Freres & Co. in Paris. Saltbox Partners website stated: “Charles-Henry has been with Saltbox since the beginning. "He has over 14 years of experience in the banking sector and has worked with Nina since moving to New York to start his project finance career at Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank where he was involved in the origination, structuring and execution of 15 financings of over $5 billion. See what’s happening near you by entering your postcode below or visit InYourArea "Previously Charles-Henry was an analyst in the Mergers and Acquisitions Group at Lazard Freres & Co. in Paris. "Charles-Henry is a true practitioner who enjoys all the intricacies of non-recourse financings, and the challenges of bringing new deal profiles and sponsors to market. His experience has spanned financing coal mining development to the introduction of renewable power in South Africa. "In conjunction with Saltbox’s work on Phase 1 of this landmark program, Charles-Henry wrote an article about this long awaited initiative by the South African government." "He is a graduate of Ecole Superieure de Commerce de Paris (ESCP) Business School." The block of flat is close to the United Nations building in New York and a two-bedroom, two-and-a-half bathroom apartment on the 32nd floor is advertised for sale for $2.9 million (£2.29 million). The Samaritans is available 24/7 if you need to talk. You can contact them for free by calling 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or head to the website to find your nearest branch. You matter. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 