Mental health campaigner Trevor Coult has shared his devastation at losing Pete Carson who served in the Royal Irish Regiment with Trevor in Afghanistan and was found dead in a suspected suicide A decorated war hero is mourning his 13th ­comrade lost to the armed forces mental health crisis. Campaigner Trevor Coult, who won the Military Cross for service in Iraq, was devastated to learn last week of the latest death. Pete Carson, who served in the Royal Irish Regiment with Trevor in Afghanistan, was found dead in a suspected suicide. Anguished Trevor, 47, said: “In any other profession there would be calls for a major inquiry – but it seems the Government doesn’t mind if those who served their country kill themselves.” He added: “I was absolutely devastated to learn that Pete had died. "That’s at least six people from my old regiment who have died and at least 13 people who I knew or served with have now taken their own lives. “There have been more deaths. I don’t think there is any job in the country where someone would know so many people who have taken their own lives.” The 12 others who Trevor knew include fellow Afghan vet Brett Savage, 32, who had taken part in a documentary in which he said the Ministry of Defence was not doing enough to help. Before he died he spoke about combat in Afghanistan and said: “My unit was under fire for 55 days. "It was non-stop. I saw good men killed. We lost four in total. “I was blown up with an RPG and lost the hearing in my right ear. "I was also shot in the chest, the body armour saved my life. "I went crazy. I was on drugs, drinking all the time.” Shortly after Brett’s death, Sgt Fraser Stirling, also a member of the Royal Irish Regiment and a one-time colleague of Trevor’s, took his own life aged 30. The other tragedies include Northern Ireland veteran Deane Hart, 53, and Capt Gary Case, a veteran of Iraq, who died weeks after being awarded an MBE. Capt Case, 50, had gained ­promotion from the ranks and was one of the most popular officers in the Rifles regiment. Another of those who died was Jamie Davis, also a former member of the Rifles. The 30-year-old dad-of-two hanged himself in January 2020. He had previously suffered shrapnel wounds and witnessed the deaths of colleagues in both Iraq and Afghanistan. His widow Alicia said he had “nightmares night and day” and was ashamed of his condition. She added: “He was screaming in the middle of the night. He was riddled with guilt. "One of his best mates got killed and he said that should have been him.” The other soldiers and veterans in confirmed or suspected suicides are Danny Johnston, 35, Mitchell Matthews, 24, James Ross, 30, Paul Cochrane, 18, Eddie Murphy, 50, Andy McFarland, 32 and Paul Brennan. Dad of one Trevor, from Suffolk, added: “The MoD says that the deaths have nothing in common and there isn’t a problem with suicide. "All of those who died had mental health issues, they had all seen combat and they all served in the armed forces – that’s what they had in common.” Since 2017 at least 350 veterans and service personnel are believed to have taken their own lives. At least 22 have died from suspected suicides so far this year. The vast majority had seen combat. The MoD said: “There are many ­varied and complex reasons why ­someone may take their own life and we will continue to do all that we can to provide support and mental health ­provision to those who have ­dedicated their lives to the service of this country.” The Sunday People ’s Save Our Soldiers campaign is calling for a radical overhaul of the way top brass treat mental health. The Samaritans is available 24/7 if you need to talk. You can contact them for free by calling 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or head to the website to find your nearest branch. You matter. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 