Police in the US believe prisoner Casey White "wasn't smart enough" to plan the breakout and said "exemplary employee" Vicky White was in the perfect position to organise it all A prison guard who took her own life after being on the run with a murderer for 11 days was the mastermind behind the the whole plan, police believe. Hulking 6ft9 prisoner Casey White - alleged to have been officer Vicky White's lover - "wasn't smart enough to plan it all," according to Lauderdale County Sheriff Rick Singleton. In an interview with CNN, Singleton said 56-year-old Vicky - who he described as an "exemplary employee" - was "in a position" to coordinate the jailbreak, organising a van in the morning and ensuring all the armed deputies were not in the building. "She knew that the booking officer wasn’t going to question her, the assistant director, when she told her that she was going to take him to court and drop him off with other employees," Singleton told the network. Not long before she died by suicide, Vicky seemed to be angry at Casey, 38, for deciding to stay at a motel. Some of her last words were recorded by police as officers rammed into the pair's Cadillac into a ditch after a dramatic chase. She's heard saying: “Airbags are going off. Let’s get out and run.” And then: “You had to stay in some f****** motel.” Vicky, who had made up a bogus medical appointment for the felon on April 29, shot herself moments later. Singleton said wigs, weapons including an AR-15 rifle, a 9mm handgun and $29,000 worth of cash had also been found. He said Vicky had sold her house to raise the funds. She would have been facing up to 10 years in prison for helping Casey escape. Singleton said Vicky, formerly second command at Alabama's Lauderdale County Jail, was a much liked, respected employee who other staff viewed as a "mother figure". She was even about to be awarded Employee of the Year for the fifth time. "What in the world provoked her, or prompted her, to pull something like this, I don’t know. I don’t know if we’ll ever know," he said. "I had every bit of trust in Vicky White. She had been an exemplary employee." Casey appeared before a judge in Alabama on Tuesday night charged with escaping prison. Previously Vanderburgh County Sheriff Dave Wedding said that because a large number of guns were found inside the car, if Vicky and Casey they had not been rammed off the road the day could have ended with more bloodshed. He told reporters: “We later found out that [if they hadn’t rammed the vehicle], the fugitive was going to engage in a shootout with law enforcement. “That action may have saved many of my deputies and fellow law enforcement officers’ lives.” The couple, who were not related, are said to have been in a “jailhouse romance” for around two years. Their dramatic escape came on the eve of Vicky’s retirement as a correctional officer. Since their 2020 meeting, Vicky had regularly been driving the two hours to where Casey was incarcerated, at the William E Donaldson Correctional Facility. She gave a false name to prison authorities. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 