The bodies of Diana Gabaliene, 33, and partner Deividas Gabalis, 40, were found at a property in Sleaford, Lincolnshire, last Sunday. They are understood to have shared three children A couple were found dead in their home as a result of a murder -suicide, police believe. The bodies of Diana Gabaliene, 33, and partner Deividas Gabalis, 40, were found at a property in Sleaford, Lincolnshire, last Sunday afternoon (May 1). A post mortem then revealed the devastating truth behind their tragic deaths, reports GrimsbyLive. Emergency services were called to the scene in George Street around 4pm after reports of two people being injured in the house. However, by the time they arrived the couple were already dead. It now transpires Ms Gabaliene died by strangulation and Mr Gabalis had taken his own life. Floral tributes were left outside the address earlier this week. Have you been affected by this incident? Let us know at webnews@mirror.co.uk Ms Gabaliene worked for a care home in the Holdingham area and Mr Gabalis worked for food manufacturer Moy Park in nearby Anwick, reports the BBC. The couple are understood to have three children. A GoFundMe crowdfunding appeal has already raised more than £6,000 for funeral costs. Organiser Lina Lukše posted: "Our beloved friend, sister and mother, Diana Gabaliene, left us all with the greatest pain and incurable wounds. "Our angel flew away, raising her wings high, too early and against her will. "No one thought that our meeting, message or conversation was going to be the last. "She wanted to live, to create and to share. She wanted to be loved. "She didn't have enough time to make her dreams come true. "She didn't have enough time to teach her children things that only a loving mother could teach." What crimes have been reported in your neighbourhood? Check with In Your Area. Detective Inspector Andy McWatt, Senior Investigating Officer, Lincolnshire Police, confirmed he and his colleagues are not looking for anyone else in relation to the case. He said: “This is a very sad incident, which, following post mortems, we are treating as a murder-suicide. "We are not looking for anyone else in connection with this enquiry and will prepare a file for the coroner. “I’d like to thank the local community for their patience and support while we have carried out our inquiries. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode. “Both Diana and Deividas lived in the community and we have seen how they will be missed. "We have family liaison officers working with their families and we ask their privacy is now respected.” The police said they will not be making any further comment. An inquest will take place in due course. To donate to the GoFundMe page click here. The Samaritans is available 24/7 if you need to talk. You can contact them for free by calling 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or head to the website to find your nearest branch. You matter. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 