Ellen Martin, 25, from Surrey, said her life changed in a split second when she was diagnosed with "the suicide disease" which is so painful people often turn to suicide A footballer has described her daily "living hell" in which she feels she like she is "being burned alive" after a doctor diagnosed her with a horrifying disease. Ellen Martin, 25, from Surrey has played for women's teams including Aston Villa and Fulham, but after sustaining a knee injury while playing in November last year, her world was turned upside down. Six weeks after her operation to repair the torn ligaments, the sports coach noticed her leg would go from burning hot to ice cold and went back to her surgeon for answers. But Ellen was horrified when doctors told her "you've been diagnosed with the Suicide Disease." The disease, which affects the central nervous system, causes indescribable pain and is usually brought on through trauma or injury. Medically known as Complex Regional Pain Syndrome (CRPS), the condition is nicknamed "the suicide disease" due to the number of people who would rather die than live with the pain. Ellen said: "Instantly I turned to google to find out what CRPS was... and the result was the worst possible outcome I could have read. "I immediately broke down, crying and screaming in tears. "I feel like my body is being burnt alive. "Imagine feeling like your body is being set on fire while being electrocuted. "I just want my life back." Before the injury, Ellen had played for multiple football teams and enjoyed a healthy active social life. But now she claims her life has been put on pause, with doctors warning that the degenerative disease will slowly rob her of her functions and mobility as the pain worsens. She said: "The McGill Pain Index, a scale rating of pain developed by McGill University, rates CRPS as the top pain humans can experience ahead of childbirth and amputation without anaesthesia. It is a living hell. "My life has spiralled downwards from a split-second tackle in a football match. I have been unable to walk freely, sit in a chair normally, socialise with friends and family or work. My whole life has paused. "The daunting reality of life with CRPS is isolating, terrifying and debilitating. My doctor hadn't even heard of the condition and believed the pain was 'inside my head'. "I am already dosed up on medications that cause 'brain fog' and severe side effect on top of my CRPS pain." But despite the terrifying diagnosis Ellen says there is "a glimmer of hope". After countless hours of research, the young footballer has found a clinic in the US giving hope to CRPS patients. Ellen has launched a GoFundMe to raise £30,000 to get her to The Spero Clinic in Arkansas, US for a 12 week intensive course which will treat her pain using holistic remedies. She said: "I have found a glimmer of hope that I can return to the wonderful life I lived before my injury and diagnosis. "I understand, just like myself, many may believe this is 'too good to be true', and naturally, I had these reservations, but when you're faced with the horrific reality of life with CRPS... going to this clinic will be the best thing I ever do. "I have since spoken with numerous patients who have attended the clinic who are now in remission and honestly now believe it is the place I need to be. "So please, if you can, help me on my journey to remission from CRPS. I will be forever grateful. It's impossible to articulate or put into words what the last five months have been like, so the thought of deteriorating further is truly terrifying." Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 