Catalin Micu, 54, killed mum-of-one Ramona Stoia, 35, in a suspected murder-suicide on April 11 in at their tattoo studio called GothInk Studio in Canterbury, Kent A tattoo artist stabbed his wife to death in an "unprovoked attack" before turning the knife on himself in the studio where they worked, an inquest heard today. Catalin Micu, 54, killed mum-of-one Ramona Stoia, 35, in a suspected murder-suicide on April 11 in Canterbury, Kent. Not long after their deaths it came out that Micu was facing allegations he raped Ramona multiple times throughout their marriage. The couple has a young child together. Micu was on police bail when he was found dead at their GothInk Studio with Ramona. Micu died from a stab wound to the stomach, an inquest into his death at County Hall in Maidstone, Kent heard. An earlier hearing this week heard Ramona suffered a knife wound to her neck. Coroner Katrina Hepburn said Micu killed his wife before he was seen going behind a curtain before his death. Before the apparent murder-suicide, Micu was interviewed by police after his wife accused him of multiple sexual assaults against her. Kent Police then referred itself to police watchdog the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) following its contact with the couple before their deaths. The IPOC has since confirmed it will not be investigating and the force will be left to carry out its own probe into the handling of the case. The watchdog added that it will scrutinise the results of the internal investigation. On April 11, dozens of armed police swooped in at the studio at about 5.20pm, where they found the couple dead. Detectives are not looking for anyone else in connection to their deaths. Ramona's is being treated as suspicious and Micu's is not, police said. Ramona's death led to an outpouring of tributes, where she was a well-known tattoo artist in the community. A collage of pictures of Ramona has since been put up on the doors of the shop, along with dozens of flowers, candles and written tributes. One heartfelt poem, called Shining Star, reads: "A shining star snatched from our sky. The question we ask ourselves is why? "A wonderful spirit loved by all. An amazing lady so beautiful. "Taken by the angels in such a cruel way. So heartbroken can't find the words to say. "The tattoos you created are your legacy. Up in heaven now spirit flying free." A tribute left at the scene reads: "RIP Ramona. You were a beautiful soul. You will be missed so much." Another says: "I never knew you but unfortunately can relate to your experiences. You deserved to be here and free of violence. I hope you have some sense of peace." In February, Ramona secured a non-molestation order - a court injunction restricting or banning contact - against Micu. The tattoo artists married in Las Vegas four years ago but are understood to have recently separated. It is thought the couple - who have a young son - continued to live together, but Micu was banned from “harassing or pestering” her. On March 26, Micu was arrested on suspicion of having breached this order, and of seriously sexually assaulting his wife. Ramona came forward with a series of historic allegations of rape against her husband, dating back throughout their 16-year relationship but primarily taking place in the last few years. There were five separate allegations, all of which reportedly took place at the family home. Following his arrest, Micu was placed on police bail until April 20. Anyone who has any concerns or information regarding the incident is asked to contact the police via the Kent Police website or by calling 101, quoting 11-0995, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. The Samaritans is available 24/7 if you need to talk. You can contact them for free by calling 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or head to the website to find your nearest branch. You matter. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 