Sergey Protosenya, 55, is suspected of killing his wife Natalya and his daughter, 18, at their villa in Spain but his son Fedor insists his dad is not a killer A Russian millionaire accused of killing his wife, daughter and himself was actually murdered, according to his son. Former gas tycoon Sergey Protosenya, 55, allegedly beat his wife Natalya, 53, and 18-year-old daughter Maria to death with an axe at their luxury Spanish villa before killing himself. It is one of four recent 'suicides' of Russian gas business executives who are believed to be linked to Vladimir Putin's circle, with their deaths widely considered 'suspicious'. Catalan police are still treating the deaths as a double murder-suicide. But Mr Protosenya's son Fedor spoke out on Tuesday insisting that his dad was not a killer and could never harm his family. His comments come amid speculation that the crime could be a triple mafia murder disguised as domestic violence. The 22-year-old university student spoke after arriving at the Costa Brava resort of Lloret de Mar where his relatives were found dead at their holiday home on April 19. "My father is not a killer. He loved my mother and especially Maria my sister," Fedor told Mail Online. “She was his princess. He could never do anything to harm them. I don’t know what happened that night but I know that my dad did not hurt them.” Josep Milan, the head of the regional Mossos d’Esquadra police force for the province of Girona, which includes Lloret de Mar, gave a recent update on the case. Speaking ahead of Fedor’s comments, he said: “Investigators are focusing on a person who has committed suicide and two other people found dead inside a property and that is what we’re looking at. “Everything points to it being a domestic violence crime, a double murder and subsequent homicide." The police chief described reports pointing to the possible involvement of the Russian mafia in the crime as “speculative.” A Mossos source insisted “nothing has changed since Mr Milan spoke last week." They added: "This is still being treated as a double murder and subsequent suicide.” Fedor had stayed behind at the family home in the French city of Bordeaux while his relatives travelled to Lloret de Mar to spend their Easter holiday at their Catalan villa. He raised the alarm through a friend of his father’s last Tuesday morning after his phone calls to the house went unanswered. The friend alerted police who found Mr Protosenya hanging lifeless from a noose tied to a garden railing and the bodies of his wife Natalya, 53, and their 18-year-old daughter Maria inside. Police have been working on the theory Mr Protosenya, who had been deputy chairman of major Russian gas firm Novotek, attacked his daughter with an axe and knife while she slept before murdering his wife in the same way and then taking his own life. Local reports in the aftermath of the gruesome discovery said Fedor was quick to raise the alarm when he could not reach his family by phone because he had been left “disturbed” by the last phone conversation he had with them last Monday evening. The Spanish Government Delegation for Gender Violence has already registered Sergey’s wife as the 12th person so far this year in Spain killed by her partner or former partner - and the 1,138th since records began in 2003. Spain’s Equality Minister, without waiting for the court investigation into the crime to be concluded, left little doubt she believed Mr Protosenya was to blame in her condemnation of the murders last week by describing them as gender-related killings in a press address. The results of the autopsies have not been made public as is normal in Spain, although the information being released on the ongoing probe into the crimes has been limited by a secrecy order placed over it by the investigating judge. What crimes have been reported in your neighbourhood? Check with In Your Area. Secrecy orders are exceptional measures designed to guarantee the efficiency of a judicial probe.
They limit the number of people with access to the court file, meaning for instance that defence lawyers for suspects in cases where police have their doubts about someone are not able to see the file while the order is in place. Officials who breach them by revealing sensitive information can be fined or even sentenced to prison in some cases. An interview police were planning with Mr Protosenya, the autopsies, and analysis of CCTV cameras at the Lloret de Mar house as well as phone records, were seen as important to the ongoing investigation but no information about any progress in the probe has been made public. Days before the Lloret de Mar discovery, the body of Vladislav Avayev, 51, was found in his elite Moscow penthouse alongside his wife Yelena, 47, and daughter, Maria, 13, in another apparent murder-suicide. Avayev was previously a vice president at Gazprombank - a bank that was created to work for Russian gas giant Gazprom - and had also been a Kremlin official. In both cases, suspicions have been raised the deaths may have been staged as suicides. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 