Richard Jeavons, 37, was found dead in the living room of his home in Chelmsley Wood, West Midlands - police tried to save his life, but CPR efforts failed to revive him A dad-of-four tragically took his own life after a series of mental health struggles and drug misuse, an inquest heard. Richard Jeavons, 37, was found dead in the living room of his home in Chelmsley Wood, West Midlands, on December 2. He had penned heartfelt notes to his boys and parents before his death. Police tried to save his life, but CPR efforts failed to revive him, Birmingham Live reports. Richard, a Birmingham-born electrician, was struggling after "sad news" he would no longer be able to see his children after a dangerous driving conviction. He was given the news as he was handed a two-year community order for theft, attempted theft, assault and dangerous driving in September last year. He was told he could not have contact until his sons turned 18, banned from driving for 18 months and ordered to pay £200 compensation alongside a £100 fine. Assistant Coroner Rebecca Ollivere recorded a verdict of suicide as the inquest concluded at Birmingham Coroner's Court on Tuesday, April 19. The inquest heard how he was suffering from emotionally unstable personality disorder, substance misuse, ADHD and drug-related psychotic symptoms. When he was first referred to the early intervention service at Birmingham and Solihull Mental Health Trust in 2018, he had been motivated to engage. Miss Ollivere told the court: "He struggled with his mental health and substance misuse. He also had a history of various suicide attempts over the years and he had ADHD. "Richard was referred to the early intervention service, and he remained with them for three years. It became apparent during this time that his psychosis was not related to a specific mental health condition, but was due to his misuse of drugs." He was discharged into the community and allocated a care coordinator. But over the summer of 2021, he became "very unstable" and he was added to the waiting list for a hospital bed. "While awaiting a bed, his mental state improved and after further review, it was decided it was no longer required," the assistant coroner continued. "In September, he received upsetting news that he was no longer going to be able to have contact with his children. However, by November, his mental state had improved somewhat and he was engaging with services." Losing contact with his children led to Richard increasing his substance misuse and suffering from low moods. However, he was trying to engage with the services by attending cycling groups and narcotics anonymous. He managed to reduce his substance misuse and on December 1, he called his care coordinator, Geraldine Avis, to discuss his future. Richard was even "humorous" as he spoke of plans to go into town and get a job, get fit for the summer, buy a car and obtain a bus pass, she told the inquest. He gave no indication that he would harm himself, the court heard. But within hours, police officers were called to his Birmingham home - where he was sadly found dead alongside two suicide notes for his children and parents. The assistant coroner added: "Later that night, officers were called to Richard's address after reports of a male with a knife. Sadly when officers gained entry to the property, they found him in his living room and despite CPR being attempted, sadly he could not be revived." No care or service delivery problems or missed opportunities were found in his care, a root cause analysis concluded. The Samaritans is available 24/7 if you need to talk. You can contact them for free by calling 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or head to the website to find your nearest branch. You matter. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 