Matt Lloyd, 54, spent six weeks in ICU and on a burns unit at Glasgow Royal Infirmary, undergoing total of four operations following the self-harming incident last August A dad suffered 70% full body burns as a result of self-harming. Matt Lloyd had suffered a breakdown in a 12-year relationship at the time of the incident - and has thanked hospital staff for saving his life. The 54-year-old was rushed to Glasgow Royal Infirmary last August before spending six weeks in intensive care and then being transferred to the burns unit. He underwent a total of four operations, reports the Daily Record. The first thing he remembers on waking up was asking to speak to his two sons, and admits he feels guilty about what he put them through. Speaking about the heroic medical staff who treated him, Matt said: “I really believe that without their help, I wouldn’t be here. “They saved me and gave me back to my sons.” With 60-70 per cent full-body burns, doctors operated quickly to save Matt’s life and prevent further damage to his muscles. He told his sons and the rest of the family he was in a desperate place prior to the incident. He said: “I felt so guilty about what I had put them (his sons) through and explained to them and my family that I didn’t do it because I didn’t love them. I just didn’t love myself at that time.” During his time on the burns unit Matt was looked after by physiotherapists, occupational therapists and healthcare support workers, as well as mental health teams who address the impacts of the trauma. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode. Catriona Murray, a senior physiotherapist on the unit, said: “A burn injury is often a life-changing injury, not just for the patient, but for their family too. "We come together as a team, to help encourage functional tasks, our goal is to help get people back to functioning as they were before their injury.” Thanking the nursing team, Matt said: “I really believe that without their help, I wouldn’t be here.” The Samaritans is available 24/7 if you need to talk. You can contact them for free by calling 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or head to the website to find your nearest branch. You matter. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 