Chloe Barber, of Driffield, East Yorkshire, was bullied at school, self-harmed and eventually took her own life at home in November last year. Her mum has shared her grief A devastated mother has shared her grief after her teenage daughter was found hanged at the family home. Kirsten Barber said Chloe Barber, 18, fell through the cracks of the mental health system after several stays in psychiatric hospitals. Her brother Reece Barber, 15, discovered Chloe unresponsive and, though her called 999 and gave Chloe CPR, the teenager was pronounced dead at the home in Driffield, East Yorkshire. Speaking today, grief-stricken Kirsten said Chloe struggled after being diagnosed with unstable personality disorder. She told Hull Live : "You know when people say they’re heartbroken? This is heartbroken. "When you split up with your boyfriend and stuff like that you think you know heartbreak. But this is heartbreak. Anyone who is able to can donate to Kirsten's JustGiving page for their Three Peaks challenge for Chloe here. "There are times when I just want to tell Chloe something, like when our dogs have done something daft and then you remember you can’t. "But I know she’s still here. I had Covid last month and the worst thing about it was losing my sense of smell. I went into her bedroom because I just go in there every so often to be near her, and I couldn’t smell her." The family had first noticed signs Chloe was struggling in 2017 when she was a victim of bullying at school. She also self-harmed as her condition deteriorated over the following years. On one occasion, Chloe didn't return to Mill Lodge Hospital in York after "going for a walk". And in early 2021, the teenager was hospitalised at Cygnet Health Care where her problems with self harm became worse. It was at Cygnet where she also met friend Chelsea Blue Mooney, a teenager from Bridlington, North Yorkshire, who shortly later died while in the unit's care. Chloe was left devastated by 17-year-old Chelsea’s death in April last year. Kirsten continued: "Mental health is an invisible killer. If someone’s got cancer or a broken leg you can physically see it and you can physically mend it. "We still don’t know exactly what Chloe was going through. She was a very secretive person." Chloe took her own life in November last year. Kirsten is taking on the Yorkshire Three Peaks later this spring to raise cash for young suicide charity Papyrus. Figures released by the Office of National Statistics (ONS) this week show 587 people in Yorkshire & the Humber took their lives in 2021 - of which 419 were men or boys and 168 women or girls. Data suggests suicide figures did not rise during the pandemic, although have slowly risen over the past 10 years. And while suicide remains the biggest killer of young men, the number of female suicides has been insidiously creeping up in recent years. Papyrus supports young people affected by suicide and suicidal thoughts, and has seen a 25% increase in calls, texts and emails to its confidential HOPELINEUK service. In 2020 and 2021 at least one in every three contacts was from a child under the age of 18. Anyone who is able to can donate to Kirsten's JustGiving page for their Three Peaks challenge for Chloe here. A spokesperson from Humber Teaching NHS Foundation Trust, said: “It is the position of the Trust that we do not comment on individual cases, as we prefer to discuss directly with the families who are affected.” The Samaritans is available 24/7 if you need to talk. You can contact them for free by calling 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or head to the website to find your nearest branch. You matter. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 