Indre Razutyte, from Pontefract, West Yorkshire, who was "loved by everyone she met", was found dead in her garage on March 22, Wakefield Coroner's Court was told A mother who was "loved by everyone she met" took her own life at home, an inquest heard. Indre Razutyte, 31, was found unresponsive in her kitchen by her ex-partner on March 22. CPR was performed at the home in Pontefract, West Yorkshire, but Indre was declared dead. Suicide notes were found in the kitchen, Yorkshire Live reports. Indre leaves behind a two-year-old daughter. Wakefield Coroner's Court heard on Friday that Indre was much loved by her colleagues at small transport firm Centika Logistics. The mother was a transport manager there, and "made such an impression on me immediately". Colleague Wayne Kearns, who joined the company in September last year, said: "We're a small company, more like a family. Because of that I worked closely with Indre and we became good friends. She was like a little sister to me. "She did used to sometimes talk about the issues she was facing, but it was such a shock to hear about her death and so heartbreaking. "We'd spoken the day before when she was working from home. That day me and the manager had been messaging her because she hadn't come in. "Losing Indre has felt like losing a member of the family. She was one of the nicest and kindest people I have ever met, she would help anybody. "She was so nice, and I don't think she realised how lovely a person she was and how loved she was. I think she was worried about being left on her own." Indre's heartbroken family live in Lithuania, and are hoping to repatriate her home for a funeral there. Wayne and some of Indre's other colleagues have set up a GoFundMe page to help them pay for the costs of getting Indre home. As of April 8, the page is at £4,795. Any money left over from the fundraising will be put into a trust fund for Indre's two-year-old daughter. "When we had drivers at the company who were having a bad day and would snap at anyone else, Indre was the only one who could calm them down. Customers would ask for her specifically. She could relate to anybody and I don't think she realised how great she was," Wayne added. "She was really good at her job and just at talking to people. We always had a laugh in the office together. If she was feeling down I'd go to Morrisons and get us cake. "Indre made such a big impact on me straight away. I wish I could've had the time to get to know her even better." The full inquest has been adjourned to a later date. Assistant coroner John Hobson did recount in brief the events that preceded Indre's death being recorded. The Samaritans is available 24/7 if you need to talk. You can contact them for free by calling 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or head to the website to find your nearest branch. You matter. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 