Damilya Jussipaliyeva's boyfriend sent the revenge porn to a friend and threatened to show it to her family - coroner's court heard she was in a 'disturbed state' before taking her own life A business student whose boyfriend shared a revenge porn film of her with a friend took her own life in a "disturbed state", a coroner has found. Damilya Jussipaliyeva, 21, plunged 80ft to her death a week after Alessio Bianchi sent the video of her performing a sex act on him in a phone booth to a friend. Alessio, 30, was so angered by her spreading rumours about him he had threatened to show her family the clip and said he would also send them footage of her taking cocaine. Damilya left a suicide note which read: "Alessio I love you, sorry." Another said: "Mommy and Daddy I'm sorry." Hours before her death, Damilya and Alessio had fought outside his flat and he pushed her into a fountain, Inner West London Coroner's Court heard. Recording a narrative verdict, assistant coroner Bernard Richmond said: "This is a tragic case. "Her mind was plainly disturbed and in that state she formed an intention to kill herself." Electronic devices showed she had been searching for methods of suicides, terraces and heights, the inquest heard. "There had been a rapid deterioration in her mental health in the last few days," the coroner said. "She was in a very disturbed state immediately prior to her death." The coroner confirmed Damilya's injuries were consistent with a fall from a great height. He said there were "no injuries, indicative of assault or restraint by a third party". The coroner said Damilya had "suffered stress, depression and anxiety due to a number if factors, including her relationship with her family, her own drug and alcohol use, difficulties in coping with her degree course and her relationship with her boyfriend." The coroner described how Damilya had tried to take her own life twice before and was stopped from doing so. She said that by June 1, 2017 the student's mental state had "significantly deteriorated". Shortly before she died at 1.20am, Damilya's mind was "plainly disturbed and in that state she formed that intention to kill herself evidenced by goodbye notes to her parents and partner". Alessio, who was born in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia and Damilya, who was from Kazakhstan, had been in an on-off relationship for two-and-a-half years. They met at Regent's University in 2017 where they were both studying business. Alessio said: "She was a sweet girl. We had similar personalities. We had similar backgrounds." The couple's friends were aware of their tumultuous relationship and Alessio had reported her to police himself on several occasions, when she had scratched him and she had attempted suicide. He told the inquest he had prevented a suicide attempt by Ms in September 2016. The court heard they were both using drugs, including cocaine, cannabis and ketamine, as well as alcohol. She was sent a video recording on WhatsApp of her in the phone booth in north London, on May 25, 2017. Attached was a message saying: "I am going to keep destroying you." One of her friends received the same clip from three different numbers, with one containing the threat: "I will f**k you up next, my love." Alessio claimed she had been spreading rumours about him and he sent the sex video to make her stop.

"I just felt I had been done wrong and I wanted to get revenge," he said. "She had been spreading dangerous rumours." "'It's the worst thing I have ever done. My regret is sincere. I acknowledge how foolish a reaction it was. "In hindsight it was a stupid, childish and immature and I regret it more than anything I ever did." Damilya reported the sending of the revenge porn to police. "I found it really insulting and humiliating, I think he's doing this for revenge because of the argument," she explained. "I am still in shock and feel broken." She said she was "very scared mentally and physically" because Alessio had threatened to send the porn video, as well as footage of her taking cocaine, to her Muslim family. Damilya told police that there had been a row at his apartment on May 12 and he had "grabbed her by the throat, struck her four or five times, spat on her and that she had passed out for a few seconds." But the relationship continued even after she went to the police. On June 1 the pair went out drinking with friends, arriving back at Alessio's apartment at around 11.30pm. They had an argument before Alessio pushed Ms Jussipaliyeva into the water feature in front of the building. The violence outside the building lasted for over half an hour before the concierge called police in the early hours of June 2. The next day he received distraught text messages from Damilya. He called police who went to his flat and then to her apartment in South Wharf Road, Paddington where Damilya was found lying dead on the ground outside. In April 2018 Alessio was spared jail after admitting disclosing private sexual photographs and films with intent to cause distress and one count of assault by beating. Alessio was handed a 12-week suspended sentence, ordered to carry out a rehabilitation activity requirement and made to pay £250 costs. His defence barrister Steven Powles had said before he was sentenced: "It was a difficult relationship, both were immature and at times, jealous of each other." The sight of his lover crumpled on the pavement had a lasting impact on Alessio, who has received treatment at the Nightingale Hospital for PTSD and complex bereavement disorder. "He has lost someone who he loved and someone he intended to marry," Mr Powles told the court. Damilya's family, from Kazakhstan, earlier said in a statement: "We cannot describe the pain we feel of losing our beloved Damilya. "She was such an adorable, wonderful, loving, caring and intelligent girl. "She loves everyone with all of her heart and tried to see the good in everyone she encountered. "We are heartbroken to hear the details of the abuse and torment in which our daughter had to endure because of Mr Bianchi. "She had a bright future ahead of her and had so many dreams and aspirations to accomplish great things. "While we mourn the loss of a very good girl, we also celebrate her remarkable life and hope that the memory will live on in all that know her." Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 