Landon 'Waldy' Raber was found dead in a small pond on the property where he went missing hours earlier in Curdsville, Virginia, said the local sheriff's department A six-year-old boy with non-verbal autism and Down Syndrome has been found dead in a pond hours after he went missing. Landon 'Waldy' Raber was reported missing at 8.45pm on Sunday after wandering from his home in Curdsville, Virginia, said the local sheriff's department. Emergency services including state police, county deputies and volunteer fire services assisted in an overnight search for the boy. At around 5.30am the following day, his body was found in a small pond on the property where he went missing. In a statement to CBS News, Sheriff William G. Kidd Jr. said: "This is a very tragic and unfortunate incident. "We as a community grieve this loss. I do want to personally thank all who participated in the search efforts to include the fire departments and the many local residents who came to lend a hand. "I want to express my sincere thanks to each and every one of you. I, as well as the community, extend our thoughts and prayers to the family for their loss." The Toga Volunteer Fire Department shared a link to a community prayer gathering being held in Landon's memory. In a tribute, Buckingham County Primary School wrote: "Landon was a beautiful representation of what is good and wholesome and right in this world. "Although our hearts are broken, we are thankful for the memories and moments shared with Landon. They will be cherished forever as he was dearly loved by our school family. "Buckingham Primary School extends our deepest sympathy, prayers, and love to his family and all who were so blessed to know him." The cause of Landon's death has not yet been determined. Nearly half of children with autism go missing from their environments, shows data published by the American Academy of Pediatrics. Of the 49% surveyed whose autistic child had attempted to run away, 24% said they were in danger of drowning The National Centre of Missing & Exploited Children says: "Children on the autism spectrum may seek out small or enclosed spaces, head toward water or places of special interest to them." It adds they also may try to "escape overwhelming stimuli such as sights, sounds, surroundings, or activities of others." Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 