Savvy teen Sam Badger, 17, who made a staggering £20,000 selling personalised phone cases from his bedroom in Tamworth, Staffordshire, was bullied in primary school and told he wouldn't amount to anything A teen entrepreneur with autism who was told he'd never succeed has made a staggering £20,000 by selling phone cases from the bedroom of his family home. Sam Badger, 17, from Tamworth in Staffordshire, launched OnTheCase4U just 18 months and has shifted over 4,000 personalised cases since. The savvy teen has even opened a vending machine stocked with his products in Birmingham's Bullring shopping centre, Birmingham Live reports. Sam's designs have taken the internet by storm - and he's drummed up nearly 600,000 followers on TikTok with his popular videos - that have been watched nearly 20 million times. The 17-year-old spotted a gap in the market after trying to find a phone case online for himself. He then set up OnTheCase4U - offering high-quality, customisable phone cases. Working with his mum, Sam transfers unique designs onto blank cases using a printing press before shipping them off to customers. After being bullied at primary school and told he’d never amount to anything, Sam - who was diagnosed with and ADHD aged seven - said he wanted to ‘inspire’ children with learning difficulties. “At primary school I was bullied quite a bit and the teachers didn’t have a clue about my autism ,” Sam said. “I want to help raise a bit of awareness and show parents of autistic children that their kids are capable of achieving great things.” “I had a hard start at most schools with a lot of naughty behaviour, but I always knew I was capable of things. "People were telling me I wasn’t going to ever succeed or that I had no potential, but I used that as extra motivation. “And now I’ve turned things around and put the same energy I used to put into being naughty into my business, and I’m determined to make it work.” Sam, who attends a specialist sixth form college, has never studied business but has come up with a ‘unique’ approach to selling his cases using vending machines. In only a few weeks, he has already made nearly £300 from his spot in the Bullring and plans to open more machines in Manchester’s Arndale shopping centre and Piccadilly train station. “When you’re looking for a case, you want it there and then,” the teenager said. “You don’t want to have to wait for postage. "So I thought, why not bring it to the comfort of people’s own shopping centres so they can get it there and then? It’s just so much more convenient.” Over the past 18 months, Sam’s business has been doing a roaring trade - but the teen says empowering people with learning difficulties is ‘far more important’ to him than making a profit. “There’s a lot of unfilled potential in the autistic community," he said. "A lot of parents of children with autism and ADHD say their kids aren't being encouraged enough to succeed. And I've had autistic people on TikTok message me saying they’ve been forced to give up hobbies and not follow their passions. "I hope my story inspires them not to give up - no matter what anyone says.” Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 