Police search teams spent eight hours searching for Kyuss Williams, four, who wandered away from his parents' house before he was found dead in a pond just ten feet away from the home A frantic search for a missing four-year-old boy with autism ended in tragedy when he was found dead in a pond by rescue teams. Kyuss Williams and his family were visiting a relative in their new apartment in Stone Mountain, Georgia, when the little boy wandered away without his parents realising. The alarm was raised shortly afterwards at around 6.20pm with teams searching for several hours. At roughly 2.30am his body was found in a pond just ten feet away from the home. It is believed he drowned. DeKalb County Police Department put on Facebook : “Please help us find 4-year-old Kyuss Williams, who has wandered away from 1251 Fair Pines Cove. “He is 3’6, 42 lbs., with black hair & brown eyes. He was wearing grey pants and a white shirt. If you see him please call.” A short update later read: “Thank you to all who shared. Kyuss has been recovered.” DeKalb County Police Chief Mirtha Ramos said: “The family was in the residence when they realised the child had left the residence. “They didn’t know where the child was.” They added in a statement: “Kyuss was recovered around 2:30 a.m. this morning in a nearby pond. "We extend our condolences to the Kyuss’ family during this time and we thank everyone who worked to find him.” A neighbour told Fox 5 searchers initially did not focus on the pond but further down the street as CCTV showed the little lad walking in that direction. It was only later search teams scoured the area and found him unresponsive in the water. Neighbour William Brown said dog teams finally found him. He added: “' Fire department, helicopter, you name it — they had it out here. “They had the dogs, and I think that’s how they knew the baby was in the water.” Other demanded a fence be erected around the pond the avoid the tragedy happening again. Delores Watson added: “They've been looking for this baby since earlier yesterday, and for them to just find this baby at like 2:30 in the morning it's downright wrong. I don't understand. "I can just pray for the parents." Police confirmed an investigation has been launched but no foul play is considered. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 