South Ayrshire Council is looking into claims a seven year-old boy, who is autistic, was left “terrified”after he was deemed to have been disruptive in the classroom and placed in an "isolation room" An investigation has been launched after a furious mum claims her autistic son was placed in an "isolation room" without her knowledge. South Ayrshire Council is looking into claims a seven-year-old boy, who is autistic, was left “terrified” after he was deemed to have been disruptive in the classroom and was placed in an "isolation room". The worried mum, who we are not naming, has withdrawn her boy from the unit, claiming the treatment he suffered was “abhorrent”, “cruel” and “sadistic”, Daily Echo reported. She said: “I feel people need to know how our children are treated and changes need to be made. “My son was locked in the room for being too vocal and refusing to do a task, which in turn upset the other children. “He was not a danger to anyone or himself. Just a regular upset autistic child. “Why on earth, is a specialist unit using a locked empty room as a behavioural tool? It’s absolutely abhorrent. “I was told he was in there for 15 minutes, a long time to be terrified and screaming for help. It’s cruel and sadistic.” The parent also claimed she knew nothing about the incident until her son came home “upset” and revealed what happened. She said: “I was not notified of this by staff, instead just told 'he had an unsettled morning when asked to complete a task.' He was so upset he told me as soon as he came home. “He will not be back (to the unit). I will be seeking a referral on to somewhere that treats their disabled pupils humanely and values their wellbeing. And I will be making an official complaint with the education department.” The unit has written to the mum to apologise that she wasn’t informed her son had “accessed the quiet room” after he experienced an “unsettled morning”. They also said it is “protocol” to call home straight away “after any incident”. The letter continues: “Appropriate forms were completed after the event, sent to the learning and raising standards mailbox and to the inclusion co-ordinator within the correct timeframe for reporting.” The letter goes on: “These events are then discussed at the Inclusion Monitoring Group and discussions take place as to whether anything can be done differently, or in any additional supports may be needed. This is standard practice for any child who may need to access the quiet room.” The school said the child was in the 'quiet space' “less than 10 minutes,” and supervised by a class assistant “at all times”. According to the British Psychological Society, the use of isolation booths is not backed by evidence, has been proven "not to be effective" and "breaches the UN convention on the rights of the child". A South Ayrshire Council spokesperson said: “A complaint in relation to the allegation has been received and will be investigated and progressed through the council’s complaints process.” Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 