Caitlyn McLaughlin, from Scotland, has stripped her son Barry's bedroom and has said it is "heartbreaking" to see every time she walks past the bare room. She has been battling the council for two years A mum locked in a two year battle with her local council has pleaded with them to refurbish her son's specially-adapted bedroom after being "passed from pillar to post" over his rare condition. Five-year-old Barry suffers from autism, speech delay and Pica, which causes him to eat materials around him such as wall coverings. Caitlyn McLaughlin, from Scotland, has stripped his bedroom and has said it is "heartbreaking" to see every time she walks past the bare room, Daily Record reports. The mum said: "“He had eight different beds during that time and broke every single one of them. It’s been a constant battle. “I am not asking for a handout. I just want his room to be safe and if I could afford it myself, I absolutely would pay for it. It’s just not feasible.” A local paper recently announced that West Dunbartonshire Health and Social Care Partnership (WDHSCP) is sitting on £6million of reserves while her son’s room awaits vital work. Caitlyn, who is based in Alexandria said this was a "punch to the gut", adding that it took two and half years for her son's specialist bed to arrive. She continues: “It has been a long road. When I heard about the money in the reserves it made me really angry. You still want it to be a wee boys’ room but it isn’t like a child’s room. There’s no dignity in it just now." “It’s got a bed in it and that’s it. It was even a fight to get the specialist bed and that took two-and-a-half years. “I am not asking for a handout. I just want his room to be safe and if I could afford it myself, I absolutely would pay for it. It’s just not feasible.” Caitlyn said the council told her work would be carried out to her son’s room once she moved house, which happened in July 2020. She told how a private contractor had quoted her £12,500 to complete all the work required but says the council told her that was too expensive to fund. She continued: “They’ve wallpapered the walls twice but he’s picked it all off. “I asked for a plastic wall coating which they’ve now said needs to be done but haven’t agreed yet to do it. He’s eaten the underlay and chews the skirting boards. “He also smears up the walls and the carpets and it’s really hard to clean. I am scrubbing it constantly. The lino floor and plastic coating on the walls would make it much easier to clean as there would be no fibres. “He only sleeps in there now and even then I’m on constant alert, checking on him making sure he’s not choking on something he’s eaten. It’s heartbreaking – every time I walk past it it’s a constant reminder that it’s not a room you would want your child to grow up in.” Caitlyn said she is desperate to get the lino fitted which is sitting in her hall and has even offered to find someone do it herself, explaining: “They said they didn’t know if that was allowed.” She said the works appear to have been hit with delay after delay, adding: “For the first few months I was told that Covid was causing the delay but then it was staff being on annual leave. “I’ve also been passed from pillar to post. I feel like I’m not getting anywhere.” The Lennox Herald told in February how documents released ahead of a WDHSCP meeting revealed there was £6.3m in unearmarked reserves. At the time, some residents told how they were also waiting on help, including adaptations. Caitlyn added: “It was a punch in the gut seeing how much money they’re sitting on. “I know £12,500 is a lot of money but it isn’t compared to the amount sitting there and it would make such a difference to Barry’s life.” Dumbarton MSP Jackie Baillie said: “It is unacceptable that we are now hearing of more people who have been impacted by this however, sadly, I am not surprised. “People are struggling to cope while WDHSCP continue to hold these huge reserves. The hard-working social care staff are doing the best they can but they are not being supported by the WDHSCP and this is having a huge impact on people in need.” Beth Culshaw, Chief Officer of WDHSCP said: “We are sorry that this resident is unhappy with the service she has received to date. Our commitment is always to improve the lives of people in West Dunbartonshire so we regret that circumstances, including staff absences due to sickness and the Covid-19 pandemic, have caused a delay. “We will continue to work closely with the family and we are confident that we will be able to provide the adjustments required.” Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 