Anne Deegan Hunt, from Southport, Merseyside, said she was left 'distraught' when a KFC manager refused to turn off the loud music which left her autistic granddaughter screaming The family of a disabled girl with autism claim they were left "distraught" and forced to leave a KFC restaurant when staff "refused" to turn off their loud music. Anne Deegan Hunt, 61, from Southport, Merseyside, was taking her daughter, Leila, nine, for a day out to the Eastbank Street branch of the fast food train restaurant on Saturday, March 26. But the grandmother of eight said Leila who has learning disabilities and autism was left "screaming" from the table tops when a staff member refused to turn off their in store music. Speaking to the Liverpool ECHO she said: "Leila had managed to get on to a table and was screaming for the music to be turned down. The whole shop could hear her. "I explained she was autistic and asked the employee at the counter if he could turn the music off. He told me he would have to talk to the manager." Distressed Leila began hitting herself as they waited for the music to stop playing Anne claims. But when the employee returned, Anne said that the manager had relayed a message that the music could only be turned down not off. She said: "Anne had started punching her stomach. She has a Stoma had so she was at risk of causing serious harm to herself. "The employee was really understating and he apologised but the manager didn't even come out to see what was going on." Leila who also has Goldenhar Syndrome and suffers with social anxiety can find it difficult to find activities she enjoys doing outside of the house. Her gran added: "Because of her autism she has built up anxiety about going out and she only enjoys doing certain things. I was more upset for Leila because that's one of the few thigs that she likes to do." Anne eventually managed to get Leila off the table but had no choice but to leave said: "I don't think turning the music off would have spoiled anybody's dining experience. It's probably more distressing to watch a child in that state. "As they wouldn't turn the music off the situation was just getting worse. I was left feeling distraught and Leila's disability wasn't accommodated at all." A KFC spokesperson said: "We’re really sorry we didn’t get this one right. "We want our restaurants to be a welcoming place for everyone, and we’ve followed up with the team to ensure it doesn’t happen again. "We’d like to make it up to the family and would love for them to get in touch with our Care Squad to give us the chance." Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 