Mum-of-two, Tinuke Awe, says there is a huge lack of representation in educational resources about autism for children. Now, she's on a mission to release her very own children's book to prove that diversity in books can help break the stigma against autism. Publishers have been criticised for ignoring Black children in books about autism. Mum-of-two, Tinuke Awe, is now writing her own book after failing to find any literature to support her son when he was diagnosed with autism. Black pupils are reported to have the highest rate of autism in the UK, being 26% more likely to have autism than their white counterparts. Yet, a study by Centre for Literacy in Primary Education (CLPE) reported only 7% of the children’s books published in the UK over the last three years featured characters of colour. Ms Awe wants her book to help tackle the stigmas and taboos about the condition. She said: “What a lot of people don't know is the prevalence of autism is higher in black children. And those are only the diagnoses that we actually know about. “What about the ones that are in denial, the ones that are not seeking help, the ones that are still going through the process and still waiting for a diagnosis. “I just want everyone to know that autism is not a bad thing. Because there's this lack of awareness. Some of the Black community just assume it's a bad thing”, she said. Ms Awe's son, Ezekiel, was diagnosed with autism last year in June and was the first member in her family to have autism. While looking for resources, Ms Awe realised the lack of representation of black characters with special needs in children's books. “My son is almost five. So four, five years ago, there were a few books but there weren't really any educational [autism] resources”, she said. “So like posters and flashcards and things that you would use outside of books. And I looked and I thought, ‘what is going on?’. How come there's such a lack of representation of black children?”. Ms Awe says the lack of educational materials is reinforcing the stigmas and taboos around autism. “Only 7% of books published in 2020 had minority ethnics as the main character, that's even less for black people and even less for a black person with special needs”, she said. “If a child is old enough to read or listen to a book, then they're old enough for us to start teaching them about differences and autism”, she said. Ms Awe says the book will take inspiration from her son and his friends to show autism is not something to fear. “I think first and foremost, it's important to introduce Ezekiel as the main character and his traits so that they can look out for them and understand that he has strengths and weaknesses just like anybody else”, she said. “So non-autistic children might be good at maths and maybe not so good at P.E. Ezekiel might be good at ordering things but he's not so good at speaking. I want to show that autism is not something to fear and it's not someone to be scared of. It's just a difference”, she said. And whilst Ms Awe hopes her book can educate children, she wants adults as well to be able to learn something about autism. "I say the book is for children, but honestly it's a book for adults as well. It's about the children, but it's about the adults as well", she said. "Because when adults don't understand and they can't adequately explain it to the children, then they just continue to build a generation of people who are kind of ignorant. “So what I'm planning to do is have a section at the end for adults, with talking points and questions that they can ask. Telling them about what autism means, and how to be around someone if they are showing traits”, she said. Ms Awe says when she found out about her son's diagnosis, she felt both scared and relieved. “It was a scary time. This time last year I was a completely different person. I put my hands up and say, I didn't know enough about it. I knew a little bit because of my background but it's different when it's your child”, she said. “But it also felt like a wave of relief because it's like, I can finally explain his behaviours and I can get him adequate support”, she said. With her website, Mums and Tea, which she started in 2017, Ms Awe says she's been able to share her experience with other mums. “I have so many Black mums and Black parents on my platform who are going through the same thing and don’t even know where to start”, she said. “They have seen the signs and are a bit worried or burying their head under the sand and are in denial because autism is still such a taboo subject in the Black community." Her story has encouraged others to come out and share their experience in raising children with autism, inspiring those who would once shy away from the subject. She said: “A mum sent me a message that literally almost brought me to tears. She said, ‘God bless you. As many walk your shoes, but don't have the courage to do what you're doing. Instead they just suffer in silence, but you've broken so many barriers and you allow people to feel safe and you fill a gap that was so needed.’ “When you hear things like, how could I not keep going?”, she said. Ms Awe is now fundraising to have the book self published, with £3,000 raised out of her £18,000 goal. If you would like to donate to Ms Awe’s Kickstarter, click here. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 