Helen believes the "narrow-minded" person was sparked into writing the note after the saw her walking away and told of other times where she had received verbal abuse A mum has hit out at the "narrow-minded ignorant person" who left a note on her car saying they were going to report her for using a blue badge just because they "saw me walking away". Helen had come back from a walk to help ease the pain for a back issue that sees her qualify for a blue badge when she saw the "rude" note left on the windscreen of her car, the MEN reports. Scrawled in block capitals, the note read: "Your BB has been taken and reported to the ticket office." The mum has slammed the person who left the note as being ignorant and believes they thought she was fraudulently using one just because they saw her walking away. Helen, who has a son with autism, said the incident highlights how disabilities are not always visible, and that a person does not have to justify themselves to others. "Just because I’m young and not in wheelchair doesn’t mean I’m not entitled to a blue badge," she said, ""They obviously saw me, saw that I'm in my 40s, walking away. "And I just thought they've got no idea what my circumstances are." Helen had gone for a Sunday stroll in her local park to help manage her "really bad back" that she has had numerous spinal surgeries on. She also has nerve damage in her legs. And she recalled other incidents where unkind members of the public had launched a verbal assault on her just because her disability isn't visible. "Someone once said to me 'are you travelling around with a dead relative's blue badge', she said. Another time when her son was aged six or seven and a man with a stick called her a "f***ing b**ch". Helen then shoved her blue badge in his face and said: "Are you happy now?" The mum recently lost a friend to cancer, who also had a blue badge, and hypothesised how they would have felt if they had gone for "my last walk ever" to come back and find a similar note on their car. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode. "What if I had been her, and I was here to take my last walk ever, and I came back to this message? How rude can some people be," she said. She says that whenever she goes to Tesco she gets people staring at her. In other circumstances she would confront people by saying things like "do you want to see the scars down my back?". There was no way for Helen to respond to the person who left this note. But, Helen says she knows whoever left it has "absolutely no life". Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 