Residents living above Faith in Strangers in Margate, Kent, were unaware that the venue would eventually become a live music venue on weekend evenings, they claim The parents of a two-year-old autistic boy have claimed they have been forced to move out of their apartment due to the “nightclub” below blasting loud music into the early hours. Residents living above Faith in Strangers in Margate, Kent, were unaware that the venue, which was originally a creative co-working space that hosted poetry nights and academic talks, would eventually become a live music venue on weekend evenings. But after lockdown, residents of the block of 12 flats above the venue have claimed weekends have become a “nightmare” with bosses having revealed that it could become a live music venue on Fridays and Saturdays. And a mum-of-two, Rosie-Mae Deal, told how she has been brought to tears by the “ridiculously loud” music that was causing a huge amount of distress to her autistic son. “One night I sat crying in my home knowing I can’t do anything about this ridiculously loud music thumping through my flat, waking my children up, upsetting my little boy, who has autism so is very sensitive to sounds," she said. “He sleeps in my bed because he’s scared. He covers his ears, he cries, he screams under his covers.” Rosie-Mae said the family should be able to feel “safe and at peace” in their own home. Another elderly resident, Ethelbert Crescent, has suggested the noise is bad due to it not having the correct soundproofing to manage the loud music. Ethelbert, who is in her 80s, explained that the blaring noise is affecting her health and had prompted her to avoid staying in her own home. When Georgina Powell and her partner moved into an apartment in the same block of flats, , they had been drawn to the idea of the arts hub that they could use on their doorstep. Georgina said that the concept of the space had sounded “amazing”. But now, she and her partner - whose flat is directly above the venue - have now been forced to move out, and are now paying rent on top of their mortgage. Georgina compared parties held in the flat to the noise held in Fabric nightclub, with the floor vibrating and the couple able to hear “every word to Madonna”. Various noise complaints were logged by the Thanet District Council last year, prompting an application to review the licence to be submitted. According to the council's environment and health team, the venue has not always adhered to their 11pm noise curfew. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode. More measures were potentially necessary not to disturb the neighbours. However, 130 letters of support have reportedly been sent in favour of the venue, which some locals have called "key" to the community in the area. Representatives from eight of the 12 flats appealing to the council will appear in a council hearing due to take place on Thursday. Faith in Strangers has been unable to comment until a ruling is decided. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 