Abbie Merrett, 33, and husband David, 37, had plans to make a £18,000 ground-floor extension, which would feature a sensory room for their severely disabled three-year-old Rory A couple have told how they have been left £7,000 out of pocket after a builder failed to deliver a sensory room for their autistic son. Abbie Merrett, 33, and husband David, 37, had plans to make a £18,000 ground-floor extension, which would feature a sensory room for their severely disabled three-year-old Rory. The sensory room would have provided Rory with vital specialist sleeping and caring facilities at their home. But they have now had to scrap their plans after a builder failed to show. The couple handed over the deposit last July but they said all they received was excuses for the work not even being started. Have you had a bad experience with builders? Email webnews@mirror.co.uk Abbie claims the trader told her he couldn't work because his van had broken down. He then allegedly proceeded to blame fuel shortages, having to attend a funeral and even heavy rain. The 33-year-old decided to take action in October and emails allegedly show that the builder promised to return her cash that day — but then said he could not as he had “phone trouble”. Four months on, she has still not received the money but has had to pay back the loan she had taken with family. She told The Sun : “It’s been a nightmare, just so upsetting.” She added that Rory had been struggling without a sensory room for this long and that it has left daughter Rozalyn, six, unable to sleep because her brother is crying or upset. A spokesperson from Nottinghamshire Police said: “We are investigating a reported fraud offence and have been liaising with the person affected to gather the necessary evidence.” When approached for comment, the unnamed builder reportedly said he did have the money ready to pay Abbie and that all she needed to do was to reply to his email. A Justgiving page has been set up to help the family pay for the sensory room. Click here to donate. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 