Kelly McEvatt, 38, posted on her local Facebook group to try and find the 'angel' who helped her son Nathan, who has autism A mum was blown away by a kind stranger who helped her 12-year-old son at a bus stop. Kelly McEvatt, 38, from Speke, Liverpool posted on a local Facebook group to try and find the 'absolute angel' who helped her son, Nathan, on his way to school on Monday, January 24. After saying goodbye to his mother, Nathan reached the bus stop where the school bus was already there. Kelly claims he knocked on the side of the bus but the driver drove away, leaving him behind. Nathan, who has autism, then became panicked and upset, Liverpool Echo reports. His mother said: "He went to get his school bus as normal and the bus driver didn't wait for him. He was banging on the window and he drive off. "Nathan started to panic, he has a lot of anxiety because of his autism and when he was upset trying to figure out what to do a woman stepped in and started talking to him." The woman, who was also at the bus stop, tried to stop the bus from leaving Nathan behind. When the bus drove away, she gave him £2 to get a public bus as he only had enough money for his normal school bus. Kelly said: "Nathan rang me and told me what happened, he asked if he could get the [public] bus and I was nervous because he has only ever got the school bus before. "I asked him if he knew where to get off and he did it. He got to school all on his own for the first time. "When he got home he was buzzing that he got to school on his own. "I can't thank the lady enough for what she did. It's amazing to know people are there to help my boy when he needs it." Writing in the Speke Past & Present Facebook group, she said: "Just want to thank the lovely lady that gave my son money to get a bus to school this morning after his school bus failed to stop for him. "My son is autistic and was quite panicked but thanks to you and some guidance by us on the phone, he made it to school all by himself. "You have no idea how much this will do for his confidence and independence. You're an absolute angel." The woman, Pamela Fox, saw the post and commented: "Ahh this was me I've been thinking about him all day!! I tried to stop the bus when I seen him running but the bus just went!! "I could see he was panicking and I'm so happy that he got to school okay. I had a little chat with him, he's a lovely little boy and reminds me so much of my son who is also in the same year just a different school. So glad he's okay." Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 