There has been reports of elderly and disabled people being issued documents stating they do not want to be resuscitated on a ventilator during the pandemic A mum fears a "Do Not Resuscitate" order could go on her medical file if she becomes ill with Covid. Teacher Laura McConnell has a neurodevelopmental condition along with ADHD and hearing difficulties. But despite living a full and normal life, she worries doctors will choose not to save her if hit by coronavirus and taken to hospital while unable to communicate, Daily Record reports. There has been reports of elderly and disabled people being issued documents stating they do not want to be resuscitated on a ventilator during the pandemic In June a Scottish charity claimed a deaf man was given a Do Not Resuscitate (DNR) order without his consent due to “communication difficulties”. And in June a charity claimed a deaf man was given a Do Not Resuscitate (DNR) order without his consent due to “communication difficulties”. Deaf Action said the man was handed a letter during a routine appointment at the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh which stated medics would not try to save him if he stopped breathing. Laura, 38 from Edinburgh, who lives with her 16-year-old son, said: “I’m autistic, I have ADHD and I am hard of hearing but I am also a teacher, a writer and I do not want to die. “Then things started to come out about care homes and disabled people, particularly autistic people, who have gone into hospital and had DNRs placed in their file without their knowledge. Deaf Action said the man in his 60s was handed a letter during a routine appointment at the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh stating medics would not try to save him if he stopped breathing. Laura, who lives with her 16-year-old son, said: “I’m autistic, I have ADHD and I am hard of hearing but I am also a teacher, a writer and I do not want to die. Find out how Covid-19 is affecting where you live by adding your postcode. Find out how many cases of coronavirus there have been where you live in the widget above - and get an even more detailed breakdown when you click through to our sister site InYourArea.. “I am genuinely fearful. I had to have a conversation with my teenage son and my parents to make clear that I don’t want to have a DNR, that I am not consenting to that. “I have even written a letter to my lawyer making it clear that if I die in hospital and it is found it was because of a DNR on my file, then I want there to be accountability for that.” A Scottish Government spokeswoman said the pandemic had “brought about absolutely no change” to the use of DNRs. Dr Tracey Gillies, medical director at NHS Lothian, said there are “very clear protocols in place” so DNR orders are understood. Get email updates with the day's biggest stories 